# Marking Out Session Levels
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2t20dgGRD0s

## Transcript
Okay, what is good everybody? Today we are going to get into Allen's pre-market analysis routine, which is the secret to true profitability. Because you can have the good strategy, you can have the good psychology, but if your draws on liquidity are not strong, you're just putting a ton of risk on the table, and it's a bad idea to do that. So, let's get into what the pre-market routine is. If you've been in the calls, you've seen me do this a good amount of times, but I want to make this video just so you guys can do this completely on your own if, for example, I'm not on the call or you're trading a different session. So, step one is always, always, always going to be to mark out session highs and lows. So, great thing about Trading View is that it automatically marks out, you know, our sessions over here. But the one thing it doesn't do is mark out the valid draws on liquidity. So for example, right here, my chart is 15 minutes before market open. So this is a replay exactly how I would draw my draws on liquidity and stuff like that. So as you can see here, let's get into the first thing. How do I know what is a valid draw on liquidity when it comes to session highs and lows? The answer is very simple. It is untested highs and untested lows. Now, what is a tested high and a tested low? It would be, for example, this right here. This low has already been tested by this candle. This low down here for London has already been wicked out by that wick. So, it's essentially if price has already hit a level, it is tested. It's already been retested. So this London low not valid, this Asia low not valid. So knowing that what can we mark out on the chart for a valid draw on liquidity? As we see here, this London high has no candles to the right of it. So this is a valid buyside liquidity level. This is a London high, right? And so same thing with this Asia high. This Asia high has not gotten tested before. So it is a valid buyside liquidity level. And why is it buy side? Because it's towards the top, right? It's a London high and a Asia high. And it is above price. That's why it's a buy side level of liquidity. So now that we have the top, we also need to mark out the bottom. And I've already used this chart for my own personal trades, so it's already marked out. But you would simply mark out this New York AM low from a couple days ago because it is a session low that price has never tapped back into. Okay, that's the key concept here. We need to mark out session lows and session highs that price has not tapped back into. Okay, so what else can we mark out? We can also mark out this London low right here because price has never retraced it. It's never revisited. So, this is another valid sellside liquidity level. Why can we not mark out this Asia low right here? Little quiz time. You guys answer in real time. Okay. Three, two, one. Because these two candles already retested that level. So, it's not a valid draw on liquidity. Doesn't exist. So, we're not marking that out. Okay. Next thing I'm going mark out one more for you guys that's valid. This New York AM, by the way, this is old. Do not pay attention to this. That's old. It got retested here. This New York AM, this low is valid because price has never came back down to this level. It simply made that low and went higher. So, we're mark best believe we're marking that out. Sellside liquidity level right there. Boom. Now, the last one, I'm not going to redraw it for you guys, but we'll go into why it's actually valid. As you can see, this one is from a long time ago. Price has never retraced this for however many weeks. Let's see how long ago this was. This was February 5th. Okay, so this is literally a month ago. A month ago, price was this low. Asia low. We mark it out. We connect it all the way to a month later because, as you can see, price has never retapped it. Boom. Sellside liquidity right there. So very important thing marking out recession highs and lows that are valid. Okay, that is super important. So I actually don't know why this Asia high is here. Ignore that. I have no clue. Maybe there's another one in the future. But this is how you mark out your
