# Marking Out PD Arrays
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XCIEvdZZho

## Transcript
Okay, before we get into step number two, I do have to tell you guys the way to get the sessions marked out on your chart like this without manually doing it is with this ICT kill zones toolkit indicator by Lux Algo. So, the way that you get this is you click indicators up here and you simply search this up. You search up ICT Killzones toolkit and then click on the one by Lux Algo. can star it if you want like I have here and it is probably one of the most helpful indicators on Trading View as a whole. So now we can get into step two. So what is step two when you're marking out pre-market analysis, Allan? It is marking out PDRAS. Now what are PDRAs for my strategy? They're really just higher time frame fair value gaps. So any fair value gap on the 1 hour or the 4 hour, maybe even the 30 minute. I never really use 30 minute though. I'll mainly stick to 1 hour and 4 hours. So again, this is before market open. Okay, so we're looking at a chart exactly how I would um in the morning. So we're looking at this chart. What can we mark out? Let me delete that. Forgot I had that there. we can mark out some PD arrays, some higher time frame fair value gaps. So, what I always do is I will start on the one hour chart. I'll mark out my gaps. Why am I marking this out? Because, as you can see, this fair value gap is acting as a level of support. We can type what's Whoops. Support right here. Let me exit that support. It's a level of support because it's not letting price break under it. Okay? So, it's holding price up. It's supporting it up. And so, another PD array that we can use this morning would be this bearish fair value gap on the 1 hour chart. Right? So, previously it was acting as a resistance. As we see price is staying under it. price taps into it three hours in a row and rejects. But at 8 o'clock, we pushed and we closed above it. So now, ideally, this fair value gap would flip and now it is acting as another support level, right? If it wants to act the way that we want it to. Not all, it doesn't always do that, but we have our buy side levels of liquidity from our session highs marked out. We have our session lows marked out down here from our uh sellside liquidity levels. We have our two PD rays for this morning marked out. Now the second thing that I do after I mark out my 1 hour gaps is I look at the 4our and I see is there any 4hour gaps that are maybe a little bit stronger that I haven't seen. Right? So as we can see here up here no 4hour gaps. So, we'll just leave that one hour where it is. But, as you can see here, we have a 1 hour gap. Totally valid. But we also have a 4hour gap if we were to just extend this up. And so, the reason that I mark out 4hour gaps rather than simply just the 1 hour when the when the situation presents itself that I can mark out a 4 hour is because the higher the time frame, the more powerful the gap is. So, we obviously can tell this gap is acting as a support level. So, if this is a 4hour support level, it's going to push price up much better than if it were a 1h hour fair value gap of support, right? And so, the higher time frame, the stronger it is. General rule of thumb for PDAs. So, now we can drop back down to the 15minute. And this is what our chart is looking like after we do step number two. We have this 1 hour gap marked out and this 4 hour one. You don't have to mark out support. This is just for the demonstration. But one thing I do recommend doing is marking out if it's a 4 hour or a 1 hour just to keep, you know, things organized. So you can always put text on your screen. I'm going to go ahead and put one hour for the top. We have 4 hour for the bottom. So we always know which one is which and what time frame it is. Okay. So this is step two. This is literally all it is. Um you can mark out you know lower time frame 15 15 minute for value gaps but typically for market open I'm just going to mark out one hour and 4 hour gaps and then I will drop down to the one minute or my actual entry when I want to take a trade. Okay. So that is the pre-market analysis of things because we're not going to get into the lower time frame gaps until market actually opens. So for pre-market, this is how my chart is
