# Marking Out Swing Lows & Highs
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijbTBY9RhQM

## Transcript
Okay, step number three would be to mark out the swing highs and swing lows that are not part of the sessions. So on my top step accounts and on my other prop firms, you know, I'll have the sessions marked out as New York high, London high, Asia high, and then my swing lows and my swing highs will be buy side liquidity, sellside liquidity, but they're all buy side and sellside liquidity at the end of the day. That's just a little explanation on how I do things personally if you're doing my calls. But you can mark everything as BSL or SSL because it's buy side liquidity if it's on the top, sellside liquidity if it's on the bottom. So let's get into how I mark out swing highs and swing lows. So all a swing high and a swing low is is it means stuff that is still a all-time high for the specific range we're looking at. In this case, we're looking at New York. London, Asia, New York PM, and then yesterday's New York A.M. This is the range we're looking at. Okay, so a swing high for this range would be an example like this one. This wick right here is another level of buy side liquidity. The reason we mark it out even though it's not in the sessions is because it's a wick that goes above every single session, right? So, this is a level of buyside liquidity. price can seek this if it is if if if it decides to go higher. So, let's look and see if we have anything on the sell side right here. So, we have one literally right here. This is a swing low that has never been retested. So, price made this low and it never went back to test it. So, we're going to go ahead and mark that out. This is sellside liquidity even though it's not in a specific session. It's actually in between a New York AM and a London session. But just because it's not marked in those sessions doesn't mean it's not valid. So we mark it out because price has never retraced it. Let's see. Another one that price has never retraced is actually in between London and Asia. And if you guys can spot it, it is right here. price has never came back to this level and retapped it. So, we are going to go ahead and mark that out as a sellside liquidity level. So, I usually mark these out, you know, on the 15-minut time frame because they're pretty easy to spot on the 15minute, but you could also do the same thing on the 1 hour. So, if we go to the 1 hour, as you can see, this low that we marked out on the 15minute is the exact same. It's literally the same thing. It is just a low that was made that price has never tapped back into that's outside of the traditional New York, Asia, and London sessions. Okay? But it's still 100% valid. So that is how you mark out swing highs and swing lows. As you can see here, even on the 1 hour, we still have the same swing high and we still have the same buy side liquidity level. So again, this is how my chart looks like in the mornings when I'm doing pre-market analysis. We have now marked out our valid draws on liquidity with our session highs and our session lows. And remember, how do we do that? We marked out the session highs and lows that price has never tapped back into. It's never retested these levels. So we marked them out. So, we have our buy sides here for our sessions. And then for our sell side, we have a New York AM low right here. We have a London low right here. And that's pretty much it for our sessions that we marked out. Now, step two was marking out our PD arrays. So, we have a 4hour fair value gap right here, and we have a 1 hour fair value gap right here. So, that those are our PD arrays. The third step is to mark out your swing highs and your swing lows. So, what is that? It's a high that was outside of a session or a low that was outside of a session. So, we actually had two swing lows in this instance. So, we have one down here, one right here, and then the rest are just session lows that we marked out as draws
