# Real Chart Application
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oew7bovR_04

## Transcript
Okay, so as we can see with this pre-market chart right here, what is more likely? Okay, let's figure this out right now. What is more likely? Are we going to go towards the higher draws on liquidity? So these buy side levels up here, or are we going to go towards the sell side levels that are going to be down here? As you can see, the chart is pretty much in the middle. We can say it's in the middle of both of the draws on liquidity, the buy side and the sell side. But let's use our context of the market that we gain from marking out our levels to our advantage. Okay, so if we go to this 1 hour chart, right, do we really think Wait, whoops. Do we really think that price is going to break this 4hour level of um support on the 15 minute when we go back down? I say not really. It's been holding price up very, very strongly. So, I really don't think that we're going to break through this level. And not to mention, we got this from a bullish candle. Okay, so this is a bullish fair value gap, meaning that if price is having a hard time breaking through it already, we're likely going to push higher. So, this is a level of support. it makes sense for price to respect this level of support and run higher towards these buy side liquidity levels. Okay, our only our only level of resistance we have on the way up to those buy side levels is this 1hour gap which is bearish. That's why it's kind of a you know level of resistance. But since this 4hour support gap is so big and so strong because it's a 4 hour, I think that we're going to have no problems at all running to those higher levels. And so I ended up personally taking longs today. Um, and I made $1,163 taking longs because I saw the momentum going up and I knew we are going to hit that London high at least. Okay. So, even if we don't hit this level, even if we don't hit Asia high, at the minimum, we're going to take out this London high. Okay. So, let's let's take a look at what price ended up doing. We can see that right here. Boom. Okay. Literally right into market open. Literally three 15-minute candles into it, we sweep that level and then we absolutely reverse. Okay. So, I didn't take shorts today, but as you can see, let me select the bar really quick. Let's cut this to right here and let's go boom. Okay, perfect. So, we sweep the London high and then as you know, obviously, we went back down. But as long as you knew where price was going to hit for a strong draw on liquidity, even if you didn't hit the other ones, as long as you have that nearest draw on liquidity very clear, very marked out, you would have known where price was going. You would have known where price was going this morning because we're delivering off of a 4hour support fair value gap. Okay? And that means that if it's acting as a support and it's been proven, you know, by these candles over here, we're most we're most likely going to respect that. And since we have a strong draw on liquidity here, being the previous London high, we easily swept that during the New York AM and then delivered lower. But our move is always pretty much early on in market open. So we took longs this morning, me and the community, and we all banged out. We all made money. Very, very good day. Cannot complain. But we would not have made money if it wasn't for pre-market analysis. Okay? Because I knew exactly where price was going to go at least hitting that London high. Okay? So, even though we didn't take out Asia, even though we didn't take out the swing high, we were still able to capitalize and make money on this move to the upside because of pre-market analysis. So, that is why it is so important and that's why context clues are very important. And as you get more experience on the charts, as you go
