# Intro To Risk Management
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oFf3qfdcjw

## Transcript
Okay, this is honestly probably one of my favorite things that I can teach y'all. Risk management. I mean, if you've been in here for a minute, you know, like I I love this concept because this is the difference between being profitable and, you know, blowing a ton of accounts for no reason. So, the very first thing we kind of got to focus on when it comes to risk management is simply changing your mindset. Because with trading, it's it's the complete opposite of most things in life, right? If you're starting like for example a marketing agency, if you're going to the gym, the more reps you do, the more calls, the more people you call, like the more money you make or the the more muscle you get, right? But with trading, it's the complete opposite. The less you do, the more you actually progress. You know, you don't progress by taking more trades, risking a ton more. You progress by doing the same little task every single day and just studying. So that's the very first part. And so this kind of outlines what we do focus on, what we envision ourselves as, and everything that we are not, which is what 99% of, you know, unprofitable traders, they're going to fall into this category. So, what I like to say is like, you know, we're not just day traders because anybody can claim that title, but if you can actually manage risk properly, then that's what separates people that actually succeed in this field and the people that, you know, they claim the title, but they don't actually make any consistent income off of it. So, you have to envision yourself as a risk manager rather than just simply a day trader. And so obviously structured investors, you know, we have a strategy, we have things that we look for, and if it doesn't fit our uh like, you know, checkboxes. We simply don't ever take those trades. And obviously, the the goal with this is to be a long-term trader, you know, not just somebody that makes 10K one month and then can never replicate that or or get anything higher than that the next couple months. So, the main thing, chasing huge wins is the complete opposite of what we want to do. It's part of the reason all these firms have consistency rules. Um, and so, you know, we don't chase huge wins. We chase consistent wins. That's that's the most important thing. And then again, the opposite of being a structured investor is trading off emotion and, you know, just entering trades off of like, you know, this looks good, this feels good, so I'm just going to do it even though it doesn't fit all of my rules. So, we we don't do that. And then, obviously, if you're a long-term trader, you can't enter the market randomly. That's just asking to get stopped out and blow your accounts.
