# Phase 3 Risk
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btcWU4V2cds

## Transcript
With this structure, it's only going to take you two winning trades this time in order to get to 52K. And at this point, you're already twothirds of the way funded, right? So by five trades total, theoretically, if you don't take a loss, by five trades, you'll be almost funded, like 2/3 of the way there. So, when we get above this 52K, you're going to now risk.80% of your original account balance, which is $425 per trade is what you're going to risk, right? And so, again, similar structure. Every time you win above 52K, you're going to keep it the same. You know, you're going to stay with this risk. And actually, this says 400, but it should say [snorts] 425. Okay, $425. So it stays the same. But then if you lose and you go below 52K, it's going to be 75, which is just the same as up here. So it's a very very simple uh very very simple structure. And if you do this correctly, you know, you're going to be able to fund your account in literally what was it? Six trades around six or seven trades. Anything below I'd say if it's your first EVAL ever, anything below passing it in in under a month, you know, that's solid. That's solid. But most people in here, you know, they get them their first ones passed in like two weeks or less. So that's kind of the average of what to expect. And when you use this model as well too, this is going to make it way faster cuz we we haven't been using this model. This is something I
