# Risk Management Q&A
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuIGleMaZoo

## Transcript
So any questions for the structure of how we risk from now on? Question. &gt;&gt; I have a question. &gt;&gt; What's up? &gt;&gt; So this is we're risking let's at 50k we're risking 330. So what will be the amount we're trying to win? &gt;&gt; Right. So the amount we're trying to win typically, you know, if we have uh let me draw out like a a fake one. So, typically, you know, your projection is going to look something like this, like profit, and then your stop loss is going to be down here. So, if you're risking, wait, whoa, that was terrible. If you're risking uh let me use the text tool, 330, right? If you're risking 330, anything, we never go for anything below a one:1. So, on our trades, if we win, the minimum you're going to make is 330, right? But let's say today we had what was the RR today? We had I think a 1.4. &gt;&gt; 1.3. I thought it was like 1.34. &gt;&gt; Let me let me double check. I wrote it in the announcements. It was uh 1.4. Yeah. So 1.4. So you would simply do 330 times 1.4. So you would have won 462, which is actually pretty close to what JP won. So JP pretty much did that uh this week or today. So, &gt;&gt; but that being said, uh Nico, any of the wins you take with this structure will be more than what you're risking &gt;&gt; because we never go below a one one. &gt;&gt; And so, thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, especially some of our trades, a good amount of our trades are, you know, like a two RR. So, you would just multiply 330 times two or whatever you're risking based on where you're currently at. All right, sounds great. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it really varies just depending on uh just depending on the trade, you know. Sometimes we do like 1.4 RR like we did today. Other times, you know, it's much higher like a three or a two or even a four. So, it really just depends per trade, but we never go below a one one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I got a question. Um, once you're funded, how do you just keep on sizing up like percentage wise? So &gt;&gt; like the account &gt;&gt; after you get above here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. So after you get above here, honestly, I would since our goal gene is to get more accounts and scale that way. I would honestly keep the risk at 425 per trade just because let's let's do the math real quick, right? So for me who's been trading for a bit, you know, I think I'm copy trading 11 accounts right now. So 425, let's say on the low end, right? I'm trading a one to one. So one one to one RR. One winning trade is $4,675 So if you're trading, let's say max allocation &gt;&gt; scaling. &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; So it's after you get that first payout, it starts scaling. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, pretty much. And so but let's say you're using Alpha Futures, you know, you have max allocation, which is three accounts. One winning trade for you would be 1,275. And then I would say honestly I would try to keep this the same but if you've built a buffer on your account and let's say like you mentioned your balance is uh $55,000 you could go up to even a full 1% risk and do just do a $500 risk per trade. But I wouldn't go that high until you know you've built a solid buffer. So until you're above like 55K I would just stick with u 425 per trade. Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; For sure. That was a good question. Let's go over how to calculate risk, right? Because I know some people are new, so they might not automatically know how to do that. But let's say, for example, let's say somehow, you know, you took this candle of profit and you longed it right off of the closure. So, let's say you longed it. You would put your stop at the swing low and then your target, let's say, what would target, let's say we're targeting this swing high up here. So like from over here. So the way that you would calculate what you're going to risk before you actually enter and to do this accurately, you would literally just look at this projected order because remember this is basically just a drawing on your screen. This is not a real order. So you would look at the projected order. You would say, "Okay, the points to the upside are what are these points? This is like 62 points, right? Wait, no, this is six points. Oh, I'm on gold." Okay, same concept though. So the stop loss is six points and the target is 13 points. So you would go over here and you would say, okay, if I want to risk $400 and my stop loss is eight points, I can risk 25 micros, right? And so if we go to NQ, we can actually get a little bit more accurate of a of a reading. So let's go back to the A.M. and let's just look at this trade that we actually took this morning. So we had an inverse fair value gap here. Most people got exited right here. Um, and our stop loss was 500 or 52 52 points and our takerit was 76, right? So, you would simply go to the cheat sheet, say, okay, my stop loss is at 52 points and I want to risk around 400. So, I'm risking four micros on that trade. And then you would just enter. And so, you don't have to do these like super last minute. You know, once you see the setup forming, you can kind of you can kind of tell like, okay, if we enter, you know, we have to inverse this level. So, this is what my RR is kind of looking like when I do take a trade on this. And then you're going to know exactly how much to risk using, you know, the risk cheat sheet that we have in the Discord. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this is my first day. Um, I was wondering like what time you guys do live trades. Usually in the morning. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. So, typically the calls will start at around 7:30 central time, 7:40 central time. And usually the first people there are me, JP, and G Dean. And then we'll do our little pre-market routine. You know, mark out our levels. And then everybody else will start to flow in kind of at 8:00 uh, Central Standard Time. Well, CD. &gt;&gt; That would be around 6 That would be around 6:00 a.m. Pacific Standard Time for me because I'm in Cali. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I'm pretty sure. Yeah. 6 a.m. Okay, that actually works for me. &gt;&gt; 6. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that works for me. &gt;&gt; Nice. I'm glad, bro. But yeah, that'll be our usual trading times. You know, we'll be on usually till, honestly, most of our trades are done by 9:30 a.m. uh central time. &gt;&gt; So, we're only ever on for really like an hour 30, sometimes two hours. You know, if a setup hasn't formed, you know, we we don't want to miss out on money, so we just stay on, be patient. But typically, we're done in like within an hour 30. Cool. That's perfect. That sounds good to me. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Of course, brother. Of course. Does anyone else have anything before we go ahead and and close it out? &gt;&gt; Is it worth to do a buffer on the funded? &gt;&gt; I I do think so, but not for your first payout. I would say for your first payout, take whatever you know the firm lets you and just secure that. And then after that, um I would say honestly after your first couple ones, it's okay to build a buffer. But let's say for your first three payouts, just right when you can take it out, I would say take it out just to build up that capital in order to I mean, not only pay off for the investment, but also to put &gt;&gt; Okay. So, okay. Honestly, with it being the 15th, too, so that'll be like the end of this weekend, I guess, or like the end of this week, I guess. Saturday. and Saturday. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; I'll probably do the investment early just as that. Especially if al or actually I'll do the investment early if I end up getting say say there's two more winning days which gets me at four then &gt;&gt; I'll secure it early just that I get the 30% off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I mean you got to also understand right like these payouts are not small. So, like they're they're pretty solid amounts of cash. And if the like that's only with one account. So, like JP is on the perfect track right now. He's got three active ones. I'm 90% sure. And so, he's he's three days away from his first payout on his original account. Plus, he's actively passing the other ones. And so his first payout, it's going to be a pretty solid amount, but compared to what he's gonna make with his other two, when those are ready, it's just going to compound and compound and compound. &gt;&gt; So yeah, &gt;&gt; that's Yeah, that's the plan. &gt;&gt; So I would recommend for your first three payouts, anyone that's listening to this, just take out the take out the money right when the firm lets you. I wouldn't recommend building a buffer until you have more accounts and you're a little bit more experienced and all that. &gt;&gt; Uh, are the subscriptions only for the evals? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Good question. So, once you pass the account, you no longer pay the firm. They start paying you obviously through payouts. So, yeah. Any subscription that you have active for an account, that subscription, they stop charging you right when you pass it. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Um, but each each trade that you make has like a fee, right? Uh, are you talking about just like right when you enter, you know, there's a little fee? &gt;&gt; No, like on the pay futures, you look at your trades, it will tell you like the uh the fee. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Like the little like $1, $2 stuff like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, every trade does have a fee for placing it, but I mean it's like a dollar or two. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, that but that doesn't get taken out uh GD that doesn't get taken out of your like bank account or anything. That's just from the account balance. Yeah, I got you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Before you end it, do you think that there's anything that we should know that you think that or like that you think that we should should know? &gt;&gt; Uh, let's see what we went over, &gt;&gt; right? So, we did risk structure. You know, we have this is mainly for passing evals, just making it easier for to pass evals. Um, as far as the risk cheat sheet goes, maybe a little bit more clarification. So, let's actually go over that one more time before we close it out. So the way that you would actually be looking at a chart is, you know, let's say, for example, I think everyone watching this recording by now should have a good understanding of of our PDI strategy. So let's say we're at this stage in PDI, right? We're at this stage and we see fair value gap forms here. The way that you're going to actually calculate, you know, how much you're going to risk, but like in time, so you're not, you know, rushing and stressed and all of that is just right when you see the fair value gap form, if you know PDI, you know that we have to wait for an inversion. So, what are you going to do? You're going to say, "Okay, if we manipulate up, I'm going to put a projection order right here." So, this is just basically a drawing on your screen, not a real order. What you're going to do is you're going to put your entrance, your entry at the bottom of the gap. that we're trying to inverse. And then whatever the highest point of price is, that's where you're going to put your stop loss. So, for example, if I was looking at this on a real chart in real time, I would put my stop at the swing high, and my target would be accumulation lows for the very first target. So, as we can see, my stop loss, it shows up here, 58.25 points, but you can just round that down to 58 points. And then you can also think of that just as 60 points. And our takerit is 135 points down. So what do we do whenever we see this? You're going to go to the risk cheat sheet. You're going to say, "Okay, my account balance is 50K. So I need to risk a little bit around 400." Right? So if we have a 60 point stop-loss and we're trying to risk 300, you would go here and you would say, "Okay, I'm good with risking two micros." and I'll be on track to stay uh in line with my risk structure plan. So that's how you would utilize the cheat sheet in real time. And so obviously once you would get this inversion, you know, you sweep the equal high or the equal lows pretty fairly and then you would let runners run, you know, if you have extra contracts. But that's kind of how that's exactly how actually I use them in real time. &gt;&gt; I got a question. Um, so what are the uh confirmations and what are the um like signs that we don't take the trade just for like the new people, &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. So, typically with PDI, you know, this is our main model. You're never going to want to take a trade when the inversion happens way down here. And the reason for that is because whenever your first target, which is always the accumulation lows down here, and for the opposite, you know, if we're trying to go up, it'll be the accumulation highs. But let's keep it simple for now. If your first target is accumulation lows, because these are always most likely to get swept, look at the RR. It completely flips. So now you're risking way too much to barely make anything. And so the the where you see the risk-to-reward is right here. As you can see, it's a 0.5, right? So a one one would be right here, which would pretty much be valid. I'm not going to lie. We would usually take this, but if it's anything below a one one, we're never going to take that, right? And so that's why this tool right here is so important because it shows you how your risk looks like before you ever even enter. And to get this tool on your Trading View chart, you're going to simply go to this one, two, three, four, five, fifth icon, click the arrow, and you're going to
