# What Is AMD
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oneLhZvG4UE

## Transcript
Okay. So, today we're going to go over AMD and PDI. And so, all this means is we're going to study how the market moves because it mainly moves in three ways. And the first one that we're going to go over is the accumulation phase. So, this is literally, we've seen this a million times before. This is where price kind of is just bouncing in a range. And ideally, we're going to be creating uh equal highs and also equal lows. So that's like ideal situation is we're going to have both of those within this range. And then um yeah, accumulation is just also we've called it consolidation in the past. And so the reason this is important is because it builds up liquidity &gt;&gt; is closed. &gt;&gt; Whoa. It builds up liquidity for a move to happen. And so after accumulation happens, the reason why it's called AMD is because we're going to get a manipulation move after the accumulation followed by Whoops. followed by distribution. And so what that looks like on an actual chart, we're going to scroll down. This is what that looks like. So the first breakout out of this accumulation zone is going to be a manipulation leg. And so the reason we call it manipulation is because it's one job is literally to fake out traders, collect people's stop losses, and then push to the direction it actually wanted to go into. And so this you can think of it as literally just faking out all the bad traders and making them lose trades and give money to the market as fuel so that it can pump to the direction that it actually wants to target. Okay? And so the reason this model is so strong is because this
