# What Is PDI
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbbfwyo3h-Y

## Transcript
So, we're just moving with the market. And the reason we can capitalize off of things like this and why we did today is because of the PDI model. So, all PDI means is pre-distribution inversion. So, the reason we can use this model to our advantage, hold on, let me make this a little bigger. The reason we can use this to our advantage is because we can catch this entire distribution before it actually happens. And why we can do that is because typically in a manipulation leg, this move is going to be pretty aggressive to either the downside or the upside. But right now, we're using it to the downside for this example. And so it's going to create a fair value gap. Now, we all know what a fair value gap is. The higher time frame, the better. So let's say this is a fiveminut or let's be more realistic. You're mainly going to get two and three minutes. So let's say this is a threeminut fair value gap right here that gets inversed. So right whenever we see this get inversed, you are going to enter longs right here. And obviously the target is going to be internal liquidity. You're going to put your stop loss at this swing low right here. So the the bottom peak of the uh the actual manipulation move. And then what's great about this is that this model by itself works perfectly. And I'm going to show you what it looks like on a real chart. But the great thing is that whenever we get a solid PDI model forming, our entry is going to be near the bottom of this range. And so we're gonna have great RR. So, as you can see, the riskto-reward on
