# PDI Open Q&A
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UslRgF-1xas

## Transcript
So, that's basically what we did today, why it worked, when to use it, when to not use it, and now we're just going to open it up for questions. So, does anyone have any questions about this model? Um, literally anything is fair game. This is going to be recorded, so you guys are going to be able to access this whenever you want, so just fire away. Unless I just did a perfect job explaining that, but go ahead. Um, the one thing that I do want to ask, so it just depends on where the fair value gap is. Pretty much. &gt;&gt; Pretty much. Yeah. So, there's another that's a that's a good point, JP. So, there's another way that this could work. And let's say you have this exact same setup, right? But let's say you have multiple fair value gaps. So, let's say you have one down here and then let's say one up here, which typically is not uncommon, right? Usually in a leg like this, if it's an aggressive breakout, you're going to have more fair value gaps. And so what you could do is let's say both of these are one minute, but then let's say we switch to the two-minut fra the two-minut time frame and you just have a huge twominut right here. You would just wait for the higher time frame gap to get inverted. Now you could watch this either on the one minute or the two-minut, but you would just wait for that higher time frame gap to get inverted. But let's say, you know, you have a one minute here and then another one minute here and you don't have a two-minute fair value gap. Let's say you just have these two. You would simply just wait for both of them to get inverted and then you would take your entry here and then target whatever you want to target, you know, internal liquidity, stuff like that. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, it's after it's above the fair value gap pretty much. &gt;&gt; Yes, pretty much. So what you would want to see is exactly like this. You see how we had one here and we closed above it. I did not enter until this green candle closed fully. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so even when you have multiple gaps, it's very simple. No need to over complicate it. You would just wait for every gap to get inversed. And let's say let's say we have a a gap up here. You can either take the risk and use these two inversions to justify entering or you could just skip this altogether and wait for a better setup because I always say this but missing out on money is a lot better than losing money. And this setup happens pretty much daily every week. Um obviously there's going to be some days where price is just horrible. Doesn't give you an entry. All good. But you're gonna have this model pop up multiple times throughout the week. So it is okay to skip out on one if it's, you know, a little iffy. But stuff like this, man, this is just textbook PDI. You get an accumulation zone, manipulate lower, fair value gap gets created, we inverse it perfectly, and we just take that trade with little to no draw down at all. So yeah, anybody else? &gt;&gt; Sorry, &gt;&gt; when not to go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; That you gave when not to go in is pretty much just when the risk is too big for the profit pretty much. So it's &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's still val It's still valuable there, just not the best play to make realistically. And the reason we're okay with skipping out on these JP is literally just because we know for a fact that these models are going to present themselves at a like in a way better riskto-reward later on in the week or earlier in the week if you know it's Friday Thursday. So there's no need to force these trades at all. All we got to do is literally just wait for good setups like this for example like what we had today and take those. So, you can you can trust that this model is going to pop up more than once every single week. Um, probably every day to be honest. There's going to be very very rare occasions where we won't take this trade in a day. I mean, when we just skip out on it, but that's the reason that we can justify, you know, skipping bad ones like this and then just focusing on the S tier setups. &gt;&gt; Okay, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Anybody else got a question? Anything is good. There's no such thing as a dumb question, especially since this is recorded. So, I want to make sure we get a ton of questions in and just pre like not pre-objection handle, but yeah, &gt;&gt; if no one has any questions, then I'm just going to ask a relative a very beginner question then. Yeah. &gt;&gt; With the stop. So today I saw that you had it marked out to where on the top part where you closed out of the trade and it automatically closed out. How do you do that? So like you took it in at where like the where it closed right there and then on the top part you had it to where when it hits that it just automatically closed like your position just closed right there. How did you &gt;&gt; So on top it's a little different, but on top when you're in a position, you're just going to You see how there's a price level right here? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So whenever you enter a trade, your uh profit or loss marker will be right next to the line where you entered. So on top, you would just simply drag that profit and loss marker up or down to set your stop-loss. But for example, on trading view, uh can I paper trade right now? Yeah, let's paper trade. connect on trading view. Say we're doing a market order. Before you enter, you would just check take profit and stop loss. And then you would have your levels. Let me see if I can actually find it. You would have your levels right here, JP, to drag your stop-loss, drag your takerit. &gt;&gt; Okay, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And with um trade of it, it is or trading view, it's a little different. No, no, this is Trading View. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. So, once you buy in, you're able to drag it up, drag it down for where you want to close if you have a loss or like when, &gt;&gt; right? So, before you enter, you're going to you're just going to check on take profit and stop loss right here. And then you can drag them. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. That makes sense. &gt;&gt; For sure. For sure. And then but that's that's pretty much the basics of it. This is like the best you're going to get for like a S tier setup. Um just in general because this model is very situational. So like for example, even though this is S tier, the fact that we had where is it? The fact that we tapped into a one-hour gap and then rejected off of it also just adds confluence, adds confidence to this trade and just made it absolutely beautiful. So, there's always going to be different factors that affect, you know, how these trades work, how good they are, but that's just another reason of why staying in those calls uh every single morning is super duper important because you're going to learn more as you get taught this stuff live on these calls. and um like in the morning for a New York session, stuff like that. And then over time, you're going to develop your own understanding of what's a good PDI model, which one should I skip out on, So, yeah. Does anyone have anything else? I mean, I guess you sort of answered my question like how you were saying missing out on money is better than, you know, losing money. But like even with the PDI No, no. Lately when we take them, I'll enter the trade with you and they always win, but y'all always mention how like someone else played on the um manipulation. So is that just like with experience or is it because like once it hits past the lowest low that it made then they enter it or is that something that we should just not do? &gt;&gt; Um so for PDI specifically this is like a a new model. So the NQ2 is very similar to this but it doesn't the NQ2 is just not as good as this one. So, um, in trades before, I would say don't don't don't really reference those for for PDI models, um, cuz this is something pretty new to to what we're using at least. And so, I would say the best way to learn what you should take and what you shouldn't is just to reference winning trades. So, for example, like today, this one was absolutely beautiful. I know there's a ton of stuff on my chart, but it's very, very simple. We just had accumulation here, manipulation, we inversed it with this little one minute gap, and then we just took that long. And so, yeah, I would say just reference the winning trades from here on out that we're going to get with PDI, and then I'll make sure to to mark out in the daily wins channel, like which one of these wins was PDI, which one was NQO, stuff like that. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. And so, like I guess like can you uh go back to like or I guess this model's fine. So you see how like after it um accumulated at the bottom of the blue how some people were playing on the manipulation like they started a trade to enter on a manipulation &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; I were mentioning someone played in that. So is it because it broke past the lowest low that it already created and then they entered it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, typically that's what they're going to be going off of. But I personally wouldn't recommend that because as you can see, I mean this is a like if we just compare this is a pretty decent move. Like let's say if you enter like right when it broke. So this is a pretty decent move. Let's say you have your stop here and then boom. Um and let's say you catch this move. This is 28 points. But on the flip side, you're just going to get a way better risk-to-reward if you target the distribution. Cuz also, actually, thank you for reminding me about that. Another thing I want to mention as as to why, you know, this distribution leg is just so much more profitable than the manipulation one is something called let's let's mark it out over here. Open, high, low, close. So, usually something that uh makes this model even stronger, I'll just move it up here. Something that makes this model even stronger is the fact that this model loves to pop up with hourly candles. So, I don't know how I'm going to draw a candle on here. Actually, I have my drawing tool. So, open high, low, close literally just means imagine we have a wick down here. Oh, that was super terrible. As we have a wick down here and then we have a huge 1hour candle. I know this is bad. Bear with me. But so this is what an hourly candle is going to look like with the PDI model. And so what this means is that like right when it opens or right before it opens, let's say before this hourly candle opens, we have some accumulation going on. And then let's say just to make things easier, right? Let's say this is the 9:00 a.m. candle. So imagine this is like 8:50. So this is the last 10 minutes. So, let's say this is 8:50. Whoops. 8:50 a.m. This is another thing that's super important. So, 8:50 a.m. We are experiencing accumulation. And so, after that happens, let's say 9:00 a.m. hits, right? So, 9:00 a.m. opens and then we manipulate higher. And let's make this, let's keep it consistent. Let's make this red. So, we manipulate higher. And let's call this one 9 a.m. 9:00 a.m. open. So, this is the 9:00 a.m. open. And then after that, we absolutely just dump. Wait. Whoops. We absolutely just dump and distribute lower for the entire hour. And so the reason that time and the PDI align so well is that if you just catch it at the right time, you can literally catch this entire hourly candle worth of profit with this model. Because as you can see, this manipulation up right at the open of the candle is this tiny wick at the top. And then we just absolutely dump and deliver to whatever sellside liquidity we have resting below for the entire hour. And obviously it's not going to be this clean. It's going to look more something like this. Like boom boom boom maybe really high close and then boom. So this is like more realistically what price is going to do. But the concept stays the same. You can catch a whole hour of profit if you just time if it will well not if you time it but if PDI presents itself at the right time. So near the end of a candle or at the open of a candle for the hour for And so that is why this model is insanely strong. Even if it's not at like if it's not uh an hour long move like for example today was not an hour long move. We were in this trade for 1 2 3 4 5 minutes long. It was a five minute trade but it was still very strong because we were just targeting smart um we had a smart take-profit level and we had smart confluences going into that trade. But with the same way how we can have an open high and low close, we can also have an open low and high close. So let me draw out what that looks like real quick. Open high, low, close. Let me just make sure I can put these next to each other. Okay, perfect. Boom. Open, high, low, close. Let me draw this again. So we're going to have Did I wait? Open, low, high, close. My bad. Open, low, high, close. So, let's say the 1 hour candle looks like this. So, we're going to open here and then we're going to run bullish for the rest of the 1hour candle. So, let me mark this out. This is a 1 hour candle right here. Boom. So, this is what PDI is going to look like on the opposite end whenever we open low and we close high. So, we're going to have our accumulation phase right here like normal. We're just going nowhere, moving sideways. And then once we have that, we're going to manipulate lower to create that wick. So, this wick that you're seeing right here is this manipulation leg. That's exactly what we are seeing whenever we have this wick on
