# What A $908.58 Trade ACTUALLY Looks Like (Covenant Model Breakdown)
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oubiiLFGda0

## Transcript
What is good everybody? Today we are coming at you with another trade breakdown. Today is March 3rd, 2026 and we're going to look at the short that we took this morning on NASDAQ because it was absolutely beautiful. So, as you can see, this candle right here is going to be market open. This is the 8:30 candle. And one thing I was looking at during pre-market um was these equal highs over here. So these were an important level because they were not only equal highs, but they were also inside of a 1 hour PDA, 1 hour fair value gap that happens to be bearish. Okay, so if we go to the 1 hour, this right here, whoops, sec, this right here is the gap we're looking at. It's a bearish one hour gap, right? So super duper important as to why we took this setup. Let's zoom back in. All right. So, obviously all these candles right here are pre-market and at 8:30 when the market opened cuz I'm central time. Uh we swept the equal highs immediately. Absolutely ran through that level, took that liquidity. And so I was like, okay, that's a ton of good information to have, but we are also not only sweeping these equal highs and closing above them, we're also now closing inside of this 1 hour bearish gap that previously was acting as a resistance level. So it wasn't letting price push up against it. So now that we're in there, plus we're at war with Iran right now, I'm expecting shorts, right? So this entire week, I'm really looking for shorts. And so what we did on this trade was simply we saw that you know we wicked almost the top of this one hour bearish gap but we never closed above it. So after getting this inversion I was fairly fairly confident that we were going to continue lower especially because you know we got a one minute inversion here. We swept equal highs at the at market open and we're inside of a 1 hour bearish gap. So this is just confluence after confluence after confluence, right? And so another thing that I want to show you guys is that this is literally PDI. This is our main covenant model. We have accumulation. We have distribution up here and then we or no my bad. Accumulation, we have a manipulation leg to the upside and then we get our huge distribution leg to the downside. So this is literally just textbook with added confluences. So this was a super solid trade. So again, little breakdown at market open swept equal highs. Also was trading inside of this 1 hour bearish gap. Then as you can see my entry was based on this one minute fair value gap getting inversed to the downside. So this is a bullish one minute fair value gap and it gets inversed by this bearish candle, that downlo candle. So you would enter off of that down close candle. And what I did is I just targeted a one one because I was playing it fairly safe today. But as you can see, even if you were to target lower, let's say accumulation lows, your trade still would have hit. You would have just had to be in it for a lot longer. You actually would have hit on this candle right here if you were targeting accumulation lows. So, it would have played out either way, but I took this for a one to one this morning and worked out perfectly. I was very happy with this trade. Did not want to be greedy with it. And we made a total of $98.58 on that trade today just because we have been seeing some crazy long candles because of the war that we're currently in with Iran. And so, I have been derisking a bunch this week. So I'm pretty sure this was a one micro contract trade just copy traded across you know my topstep fundeds my alpha future fundeds and some lucid ones as well. So that's the trade breakdown for today. Super solid trade. We had equal highs confluence getting swept for liquidity. This 1 hour bearish gap as a confluence that held price inside of it and then pushed it down below. And we also had PDI form in the pre-market during market open and then shortly after we get that distribution leg. So hopefully this gives you guys a good idea of why this trade worked in the first place. Um what I was looking at when I spotted this trade and all that. Another thing I want to go over is take profit and stop loss. So my stop loss was literally just set to the swing high. So, the highest point of this push up, that's what my stop loss was set to. And we had this one minute fair value gap getting inversed as a first line of defense. And then my takerit, I was just targeting a a rough one to one. So, as you can see, my stop loss is 70 points. My takerit was 91 points. It's around a one:1. It's a little bit above that, but that's my thought process of my stop loss and my take-profit levels. So hopefully this breakdown helped you guys a good bit. And yeah, this trade was literally just textbook. Very, very solid. This is going to work nine times out of 10. And it played out beautifully today. So, thank you guys for watching. I'll catch you guys in the next trade breakdown.
