# Trade Breakdown 3.13.26 (COVENANT CHECKLIST GUIDE)
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Goi5mEU0zs

## Transcript
Yo, good afternoon everybody. So, we are back at it again with another trade breakdown. Um, this was a insane just perfect trade that we smacked, but this trade breakdown is going to double as a video on how to actually use the new covenant model checklist that we have available in the server. Okay, so let's get right into it. As we can see, this blue up close candle right here, this bullish candle is going to be where market opened, right? 8:30 central, 9:30 Eastern. This is our market open candle. So, let's go back to the 15minute and kind of go over, you know, what I was seeing on uh on this day. So, one thing I want you guys to notice right here is that, you know, before market actually opened at 7:45 around that time, we actually ended up making equal highs. So, I want you guys to notice that this high right here and this high right here are literally identical. Like, they are at the exact same level, therefore creating equal highs. I want you guys to look at equal highs as just another level of liquidity, right? It's the same thing as a session high or a valid session low. Liquidity is going to act as, you know, something that's like a magnet that pulls price towards it. And so, it's a liquidity level. Like just like how planets have gravity, liquidity, you know, is acting as a magnet for price. So, right when I saw these equal highs form, I marked them out immediately and I knew like, okay, we're most likely going to retrace to these equal highs at some point in the AM session. Okay? because it's one of the nearest liquidity draws or draws on liquidity that we have. So that's what that's what I was thinking, you know, going into that trading day. So now let's get into what actually happened. Okay, what actually happened? So market opens here, you know, we accumulate for a bit, small candles, small candles, long wicks, by the way, long wicks, but just very small uh candle bodies. Okay? And then I want you guys to see we displace lower. So we manipulate lower. We have accumulation. Then we get manipulation which causes us to fill or to form, you know, this fair value gap. That's a regular FVG right now. And then what happens? Boom. These wicks and candle bodies right here. I want you guys to notice what are we hitting whenever we're at this level. Do you guys see that? If we go to the 1 hour, we can actually see this a little better. So, if we go to the 1 hour, why do I always spawn so far away? Okay, if we go to the 1 hour, what's over here? A 1h hour fair value gap. You could also call this a PD array, but this is a 1 hour fair value gap, a higher time frame gap. So, now knowing that, you know, let's go back to our low one minute chart so we could zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, get a good idea of what's going on here. So, we accumulate, we manipulate lower, and guess what? This 1 hour gap is acting as a support level. So, it's not letting uh price close below it. And then what happens? We get a huge distribution leg up to these equal highs and we take that entire distribution leg. And why can we take it? Because this regular FVG is now an IFVG because it got inversed. Okay? It gets inversed with this up close candle. So, boom, we take our entry right there. stop below the IFG, target the equal highs, and we bang out. We absolutely bang out. I think this trade may be like $2,12.18 or something. We just hit it yesterday, so that's why it's fresh on my mind. But um yeah, I'm pretty sure this was a little bit over two bandos um in total. So yeah, little recap. Little recap. We have accumulation here. Okay, we manipulate lower. We tap into a one hour fair value gap and boom we manipulate or I mean distribute up to these equal highs. Okay. So this is a simple case of accumulation manipulation distribution. Okay. And how we were able to catch this distribution leg is because of this IFG. IFG right there. All right. And also because simply the reason another confluence is just because of how well price was holding um right here at this 1 hour fair value gap. Right? So literally textbook covenant model trade. Now let's get into actually how we're going to use this checklist to spot these things. So number one thing that you're going to want to look for, did we sweep liquidity first? Okay, what liquidity did we sweep before we take our entry? Okay, and so I don't know if you guys know this yet. Everybody should, I'm not going to lie, but higher time frame gaps can also act as a form of liquidity. Um, you know, stuff like 1 hour gaps, 4 hour gaps. You could call them PD arrays. I know some people in the in the Discord like to call them that. Um, it's the same thing, right? A higher time frame gap is the same as a PD array. Um and these act as levels of either support or resistance which in turn is a level of liquidity. All right. So we tap into this gap. All right. Boom. We collect some stops right there. That's wherever that's whenever we tap into a liquidity level. So next thing are we delivering from a higher time frame level. Guys, guess what we have literally right here. This is a 1h hour gap which is a higher time frame level. Okay, so delivering just means where are we bouncing out of, right? You know, where are we coming out of whenever we want to see that distribution? And for this, it plays out perfectly because we're delivering off of a 1 hour fair value gap. Okay, so third one, displacement. Inside the manipulation leg, um, what was I going to say? Yeah, inside the manipulation leg, was there strong displacement? And was there actual uh what was I going to say? Was there an actual move being made? So both times in the manipulation leg, we make this fair value gap. So strong displacement, a good amount of uh of momentum to the downside. And when we deliver off of this 1 hour fair value gap, we get a huge up close candle that inverses the entire gap. Right? So strong displacement on both sides of this trade. Because guys, if we never got this fair value gap to the downside on this uh down close candle right here, you guys can see it's right here. We would have never been able to enter this trade, right? So, thank the Lord for this momentum to the downside because it created an opportunity for us to inverse and take an entry. So, checks off that box. Boom. Strong displacement is right there. Was there a fair value gap inversion? And not only that, but were all the gaps in the manipulation leg inversed? So, let's count how many gaps there are here. Accumulation, we have manipulation here. There's only one gap. So, did all the gaps get inversed? Boom. Yes. So, we're checking off that box. Okay. Is there a clear draw on liquidity for our takerit? What does that mean? Right. With this level, you know, we have to exit the trade at some point. Okay. That is a takerit level. That's going to that's when you're going to tell the computer like, "Hey, when price hits this level, man, take me out." You know, I'm taking that money. I'm taking that winning trade. All right? And so our take profit matches the equal highs that we marked out from before because like I said, liquidity is a magnet. Okay? Same way planets have gravity, liquidity has gravity, okay? And it's going to pull price towards it. And the nearest draw on liquidity for us was these equal highs. What's the next one? this higher time frame gap right here. So, if these equal highs weren't here, you're going to drag that takeprofit to the bottom of this gap and you're gonna bang out as you can see. Okay, as you can see, but since the equal highs are the nearest clear draw on liquidity, you know, the nearest one, we're going to target these equal highs for an easy three RR trade. Okay. So, examples of equal highs or I mean examples of clear draws on liquidity, equal highs or equal lows, session highs and lows, um you know, higher time frame fair value gaps, internal liquidity pools, so like just swing highs, um swing lows, you guys know what that's those are. It's in the foundation section. Um and in the pre-market analysis section, uh higher time frame liquidity, right? So, like a bunch of a bunch of examples. So, if there's no clear draw, we don't take a trade. All right. If we can take an entry, but we don't know where we're exiting, you might as well take a one to one if it checks off every other box or just skip it entirely. Okay. Um, so what you want to see the quick formula, right? Liquidity sweep, displacement, inversion, expansion. So, let's go through it one by one. Boom. Market opens right here. One sec, guys. All right, we're back. Boom. Market opens right there. We go down to this liquidity level. So technically that's our sweep, right? That's our sweep. Boom. That's our sweep. What's the next thing? Displacement. Did we create a gap? Yes. It's right here. Boom. So boom. Both of these are checked off. Next is the inversion. Did we inverse? And not only one gap. Did we inverse all of the gaps? Boom. We did. All right. Checks off that box. Now obviously we want to see expansion. Do we get it? Absolutely. We get it even past the equal highs. So, literally perfect trade. So, the golden rule for us as covenant model traders, most losing traders do this. They see any inversion on the chart and they enter and then they wonder why it doesn't work. They're like, "I thought this was perfect. Um, all my day trading influencers are lying. Like, inversions don't work." Blah blah blah. No, they're just they're just not smart. All right? Okay, they're taking any and every inversion and they're not playing their cards right. So, let's see. We don't do that. All right. Uh, covenant traders do this. We look for a liquidity sweep and make sure we get that. We make sure we have displacement. We get an inversion and then we see expansion. So, but beyond expansion, I'm going to change this. We target a clear drawn liquidity. Okay. So, this is this is our five step wait no fourstep um entry model. Okay. So we have to see a liquidity sweep for us on this trade. It was tapping into this 1 hour fair value gap. We have to see displacement. Okay, fair value gap gets created on the down leg right here. Down close leg or downtrend leg. Um and then we have to see an inversion that covers that that displacement that just disrespects it. So did we see that? Yes. This up close candle right here inverses this fair value gap. So we get the inversion and a clear drawn liquidity for your takerit. Boom. Equal highs right there, baby. So, we were literally done with trading. 13 minutes into market open on this day. And everybody ate. I'm talking everyone in this call took this. Not because, you know, they're just copying whatever I do because I don't want you guys to do that. I want you to be able to think for yourself. Simply because of how obvious this trade was. Right? That's why I love the covenant model because you only take the setups when they're obvious. And it's very easy to spot it when it's obvious. And you know, if it's not obvious, then it's not the covenant model, okay? Because we only take the trades that are very obvious. So again, accumulation, manipulation, boom, fair value gap created, manip or distribution, boom, inversion. So this turns into IFVG, inverse fair value gap. Okay. And then equal highs up here that we're targeting. And then boom, we hit that straight off of market open. Not even 20 minutes in, we were done for the day. Okay, so that's a little guide on the trade breakdown for for this trading day. Um, and not only that, but that's also a little guide on how you guys can actually use this Covenant model checklist. Okay, it's very very simple. It's it's five steps. So, it may seem a little bit um intimidating at first, but it really is not that difficult. You only need a nice a nice liquidity sweep, some strong displacement on the manipulation leg. You need to see a valid inversion. So either all of the gaps in the leg get inversed or most of them. And then final thing, you need a clear draw on liquidity to actually know when to take profit. Right? So equal highs in this case worked out beautifully for us. All right. So, with that being said, I hope this was very, very informative for you guys. Again, if you have any questions, I say this in every video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the Discord because we have tons of profitable traders in there. So, it's not only me, but everyone in the community wants to help you. Okay? So, feel free to drop your questions in the questions channel. You can always DM me. or if you know you've asked in the community um and you haven't gotten the answer that you want or you're kind of still confused, you need some more clarification, please feel free to head over to the support call section and book a one-on-one call with me so we can go over everything that you're struggling to maybe comprehend or even if it's just one thing that you need a little bit of clarification on, feel free to book that call. I'm available for you guys 24, not 24/7, 7 days a week. All right, we have the little time slots available seven days a week. No matter when you need me, I will be there. Um, and yeah, this was a literally just textbook beautiful trade. So, let's go over a little recap right before I end the recording. Accumulation manipulation. We tap into a 1 hour fair value gap. Boom. Inversion fair value gap and we target equal highs. Smacked. All right. Absolutely smacked. So we had the accumulation, manipulation, distribution, and then again this was just Picasso. Absolutely beautiful trade. Mwah. So all right. Hopefully this was super informative for you guys. Definitely going to make an announcement because this is going to be one of the most important trade breakdowns that I do cuz we went over the checklist. So I will catch you guys on the on the next live
