# COVENANT MODEL RECAP 5.28.26
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7yYgwNZLQQ

## Transcript
3, 2 Okay, so it is What is it? May 28th. So, it is a Thursday, May 28th, and we're going to go over one of the not the actually the only trade that I took today. So, this one the entry was a little bit more advanced. You kind of had to just use discretion based on like if you were going to enter or not. But, let's look at what actually made it work and why it was a a good trade in my opinion. So, pre-market like normal very very good accumulation right here. Um not really having a clear direction, just moving pretty much sideways like normal. And then, off of the open, obviously you can see this is the opening candle that 8:30 for my for my time cuz I'm in Texas. We tapped into two separate gaps. So, this purple this uh this blue gap right here is a 1-hour and then this purple right here is a 15-minute. So, as you can see, we tap into a 1-hour and a 15-minute at the same time and we reject pretty harshly, okay? &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; And one thing that we did on this pump up right off open is we created a fair value gap on the 1-minute. And so, initially, I wanted to get an entry up here. Wait, my bad. Wrong tool. I wanted to get a short entry up here. Um but obviously, we did not end up getting that because this 1-minute candle right here closed in the middle of the gap, and then the very next one dumped like 50 points. All right. So, we got a bit of a late entry. I mean, I wouldn't even call this a late entry. We just could not enter earlier because if you've watched the videos, if you've gone through the classroom modules, you understand I do not like entering trades before candles actually close. So, I'm always going to wait for the closure of a candle, which in this case was down here. And so, that is where I entered at. I pretty much entered on this candle as well, but I just have it right here for now. And then, at the beginning, my stop was above the gap, so it was about a one-to-one risk-to-reward. And then, as we kept delivering down, I did not feel comfortable going all the way break even, so I just moved my stop down incrementally as we kept delivering. And so, at the end of the trade, it turned into around a 3.5 RR trade. My take profit level right here was literally just set on a one-to-one. So, it wasn't so much that we had heat map liquidity there. It was just I did not want to stay in this trade for long. Um just because of recent market conditions, I want to make sure that I'm being super efficient with the trades that I do take, and I'm not getting greedy and reaching for the stars when we're only going to going to hit the uh the atmosphere, right? And so, uh recent price action has been a little bit um Are those time frames part of the LuxAlgo toolkit like the way they're labeled? Uh which which time frames? The ones up here? Brett asked, "Are those time frames part Also, No, like when price taps into and reverses. Um they're not part of the toolkit, Brett. What I do is every morning, I will just go to the one-hour, the four-hour, and the 15-minute and mark out all my gaps. So, today we had two four-hours below and a one-hour inside, and we also had a 1-hour above with a 15-minute like right right below it, 15-minute down here, and then another 15-minute up here. So, I just manually mark these out. I like doing it that way a lot better. Um And so, yeah, what I was going to mention is that another reason I only took this trade today for a 1:1 is the fact that we got this huge dump candle. Um typically, when that happens, you're not going to see the cleanest reaction, but I mean, this trade played out perfectly. I mean, we barely had any any pullback or drawdown at all. Cuz like I said, originally, my stop was up here above the gap, so we barely barely went into drawdown there. And then obviously, as we delivered lower, I didn't want to go break even, but I did end up moving my stop to around right here. And so, I think I think at this candle, I pretty much went break even. But, um for the actual price level. So, 50 points caught on Nasdaq today. Very, very good, in my opinion, very, very clean. So, again, accumulation before the market actually opened. Boom, New York opened. We manipulated up into this 1-hour gap with this 15-minute gap as well. So, we're delivering off of two gaps, okay? One higher time frame, one of them is lower time frame, and then we actually inverse this gap that the opening candle made. And then obviously, the inverse was really, really far away. But, that's a good thing for our bias. So, if we want the market to go lower, this is a really good indicator that we're going to continue lower. But again, I This is cuz this is a really big candle. Like, we usually don't get inversions of huge um for this small of a gap. So, I just took it for a quick one to one. I wanted to just get in the market, get out, and then I was done for the entire day. Does anyone have any questions when it &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Yeah, and Brett, we have a entire pre-market analysis module [clears throat] that's really helpful when it comes to just marking those levels out. And tomorrow morning, I'm going to be doing um, pre-market analysis with you guys early. So, that should help out, too. And I'm going to record that as well. I'm going to record tomorrow's pre-market analysis. Okay, perfect. Perfect. With it being right when market opens due to the volatility, does that sway your confidence in taking this trade? No, so typically, Cayden, the the market opens volatility is going to tell you where we're manipulating. So, instead of falling for this candle and being like, "Okay, we're going to pump higher." Every time the market opens, assume the first move outside of the accumulation is manipulation. Just always say like, "Okay, first move is always going to be manipulation. And then most of the time we're going to manipulate either higher or lower and then go the opposite way. It happens like So yeah, the the market open or like the volatility of market open actually helps us a lot with the Covenant model. Like with the accumulation, I thought you would want to wait for a couple more candles to tell which way it's going. Let's see. Let's see. So with the accumulation, I thought you would want to wait for a couple more candles to tell which way it's going. Hm. So after the accumulation, you're saying typically I'd wait for more candles to pump up Okay, perfect. Okay, that's what you meant. So the reason I didn't wait for that on this trade, um and it did it did run through my head um to wait a little bit, but the reason I didn't wait on this trade to get more candles up is because of the fact we tapped into an hourly and 15-minute gap right here. Usually, we don't have gaps of that high time frame that close to the open. But the fact that we had it right above where where we opened, that's really all I needed. So typically, the reason I uh I wait a couple candles for the manipulation to fully play out is because I'm waiting for it to tap into some sort of important gap and tap into a key level. But this morning, our key levels were very very close to the open. So all we had to do was tap into that key level, reject off of it, catch an inverse, which obviously we caught it down here, and then take a one-to-one. And that was easy money. Easy bread. Easy bread. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Does that make sense, Brett? So to answer the question, I'm going to repeat it real quick for the people on the video. So Brett asked, with, you know, seeing this manipulation, why did I only wait for one candle to get inversed um whenever we're seeing like where the market is going to go. Because usually with manipulation moves, they're going to be very like very much longer. So they're going to be a little bit bigger than what we got today, something like this. So two or three candles longer before we actually distribute you. The reason I did not wait for, you know, two or three more bullish candles and I counted this as the true move, the true move down is because off of the open we tapped into these two gaps. So the 1-hour and the 15-minute and to me those are really key levels and to see this harsh rejection, that lets me know, okay, we're reacting to this key level. So I want to take advantage of us reacting and just move with the market. There's no need to play against it. Let's just see what the market's doing. Okay, we tapped into this level of resistance. We rejected harshly. Let's follow that direction. Obviously, confirmation was the inverse right here. With with this huge candle. But yeah. That's my thought process going into this trade. Um that's why this right here, I mean this isn't like a This is one of those covenant models where you kind of just have to have market experience, market knowledge cuz technically this isn't exactly textbook, right? This isn't exactly um what you've probably written down in your notes, but we're using all of the same concepts and just adjusting them to the current market condition. So for example, our manipulation leg is usually going to be a lot longer. The reason it wasn't today is because we had an hourly gap and a 15-minute gap stacked right above it off open. So all we needed to do is just tap into these, reject, take that rejection and just follow it. But, on a regular day the gaps are pretty much are usually going to be way, way farther apart from the open. So, you're going to have to wait for more confirmation and more candles in the manipulation's direction before we actually tap into a key level and then reverse. But, that's kind of the the overall explanation for why I took this today, this 50-point win on Nasdaq. Um and also why JP took it as well alongside. So, [snorts] with that being said, if we have any more questions drop them before we end the recording. Um but, if we don't, if everyone's good, we can go ahead and and
