# COVENANT RECAP 2 (6.9.26)
Topic: covient-model
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYBZgmtnjBI

## Transcript
All right, so we're going to keep going and we're going to see what other plays there were today because Covenant model absolutely printed. All right, so obviously you guys can see we run higher and we can zoom out actually and just kind of see where price is. So as y'all can see we are inside of a 15-minute. We trade above it. All right, we trade above it and then we have pretty much nothing to the left. All right, this is a dead zone. Okay, this is a dead zone. But one thing that is super important to be aware of is the fact that we swept heat map liquidity already inside of this 15-minute. Okay, I do believe. No, no, right before the 15-minute. Okay, so yeah, we swept heat map liquidity already. So even though we're delivering out of thin air up here, we swept heat map liquidity and we're going to wait to see if there's any real displacement to the downside because we're going to see what happens. Let's see. Boom boom boom. Okay, so pretty much right here I would have taken the short again because of the heat map liquidity that got swept. I would have put my stop above this fair value gap right here because this is our first line of defense. We have really really strong displacement down. I don't know if you guys are picking up on this right now, but our displacement towards the downside, these candles are bigger than what pushed us up here. So if you just compare these bearish candles to the bullish ones that are directly across from them, we are getting way bigger bearish candles. Okay. That's a student. Okay, so another thing what are we even targeting here, right? What is the actual target? What you could have done and what you should have done cuz this is going to be pretty big. You should have taken this down to the order block and then partials all the way down to London low. All right, so let's mark that out real quick. Let's mark that out. So, most of your position, just to secure your profits, okay, just to secure your profits, are going to be literally right here. So, this is going to be partial out. All right, partial out. We're going to take a lot of our position out right here. This is still over a one to one, I believe. Decently over a one to one. And then I would have let one or two contracts run down to that London low. Again, why? Because of all this low resistance liquidity generated right here. All right, all of this LRLR. And this just means low resistance liquidity run. All right, so it still has to get taken out. So, let's see what ends up happening here. I do believe the two minute looked very, very good as well. Yeah, two minute looked very, very good. I would have taken it on this inversion right here. And the reason I'm not super duper worried about this fair value gap, guys, is because it's pretty much inside the accumulation. All right, it's inside. If we had this huge gap up here in the middle, then I would kind of be a little a little worried about that. But since it's inside the accumulation, I'm not really too worried about it. So, this is where I would have taken an entry. Again, we're going to see All right, so we hit our partials in four minutes. So, let me go back down to the one. We hit our partials in one, two, three, four candles. All right, so in here, most of our position is out. You can now go break even risk-free on this trade, okay? And then we're going to continue down. We don't get stopped out and we hit full TP. And guys, it's pretty crazy, but we ended up dumping way more. But this is where you should have taken out your full position. Do not get greedy with it, okay? Trade based off of market structure. All right, so let's recap this trade real quick. Let's recap this trade. So, boom. Off market open, we get a solid little 30-second inversion to the upside, delivery up to heat map liquidity. Okay, what is one thing that we can use heat maps for inside of the Covenant model? We can use them as an indicator to know when the market is going to reverse, okay? So, beautiful textbook Covenant model right off open. Heat map liquidity gets swept. We understand that sometimes that can be a confluence to know if the market's going to reverse or not. One thing that solidifies that in our head is displacement, okay? So, perfect trade over here. Heat map gets ran. We have nothing more really to push higher to. There's no key levels, there's no heat map liquidity, no session highs, no equal highs, no nothing. Um so, we see that we push all the way up here. We get a huge displacement candle down. We get another pretty decent displacement candle down right here. And so, I'm going to take that as an entry. I'm going to place my stop loss above this little tiny fair value gap right here. I'll mark that out in in red for you guys just so I can make sure we're all seeing the same thing. Mark that out in red. This is where our stop is based off of that fair value gap right there. And then what we're going to do is we are going to take shorts, take that position again because the big fair value gaps are inside of accumulation. So, I'm not really too worried about those. We've already cleared most of the important ones. And so, using discretion, using displacement, we are going to enter this short. Partials are going to be taken out at the top of the order block just in case just in case we sweep that or we tap into the top of the order block and then reverse back up. So, let's go ahead and see. Boom boom boom. Okay, by this point, you should be break even. Okay, so you would have taken out a lot of your position here and at the same time been break even. All right, so now you're risk-free on this trade and then as you guys can see this was a bit of a stretch. Like this is a lot of point. This is 205 points. This is not a little trade. Okay, so you had to have patience through the chop right here. You had to just ride it out. You're risk-free on this trade already and we deliver beautifully down to that London low. All right, and at the same time that we do that guys one thing I want you guys to keep in mind here. What did I tell you guys in the first video before this? Off of market off of pre-market we had all of this liquidity to run. Okay? How many targets do we really have to the upside? Like let's be real here. How many targets do we really have to the upside? We had no heat map liquidity above after that little opening candle or that little opening covenant model cleared everything. The next target is all the way up here guys. Like let's be real with ourselves. We we could have been long bias in a perfect world but like let's be real. This is the only buy side liquidity above. We had already taken heat map liquidity out. We have massive low resistance liquidity built up right here. It's a no-brainer. Okay, it's a no-brainer. So let me go back to the one minute. These were pretty much the only two trades that I wanted you guys to take or I would have you know um yeah, that I would have wanted you guys to take on today's chart um because these were just very very clean. All right, very very clean. I think that both of these were well worth the risk. I was confident in both of these and so again we're going to recap. We took a Again, this covenant model it looks a little weird but it's textbook. So four covenant model accumulation. All right, move to the downside. 30 second fair value gap right here. We get the inversion at this candle. We take our entry. We retrace for a little bit. Beautiful delivery up to that heat map liquidity, okay? Um and then beyond actually. So, beautiful beautiful trade played out. Little one-to-one here. That's why our TP is set right here strictly because we needed to get that one-to-one and I wanted to give myself a accurate and generous stop loss. So, next trade. Um we trade higher a little bit as you can you guys can see. We peak out at around up here. And when we're up here by the way, there's two things that can happen. We can either have huge displacement to the upside and just absolutely clear this 15 minute and then target that buy side up there. But the opposite actually ended up happening. So, we actually ended up getting huge displacement to the downside, all right? And so, I took my entry here on the 2-minute chart. We can actually go over to the 2-minute see what that look like. I took my entry here on the 2-minute chart and then um yeah, I partialed out at the top of that 1-minute order block. It's a little different on the 2-minute, but I partialed out at the top of this 1-minute order block down here. And then I also went break even at the same time because again this trade, I would say I was less confident in than the first one. The first one to me was a no-brainer. I've seen that happen over and over again. This second one, I de-risked a little bit and then we ended up taking it because of the fact that the RR is just so high if you let your runner play out, right? So, and also I mean we have this low resistance liquidity. So, partial/break even point is going to be top of the 1-minute order block, okay? And then as you guys can see, we never even get close to our entry after that. And we pretty much just delivered down. We do chop up a little bit in the middle here, but displacement, you know, um the delivery, the distribution was pretty clean. So, these are the two trades that I would advise you guys to study and to actually like get good at spotting. All right? So, with that being said, these two trade breakdowns, I think they were very very educational. I enjoyed making these always. Um if you have any questions at all, all right? Literally just go to the questions chat, put this link in the in the chat and be like, "Yo, Alan, explain XYZ." Or "Yo, JP, explain XYZ." All right? Cuz we were we were looking at the same chart. So, with that being said, hope this helped you guys out a bunch. I hope to see you guys in the coaching call that we're going to have
