# Aggressive Liquidity
Topic: heatmaps
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11Drn5skje0

## Transcript
So, before we get into everything else, we have to understand aggressive versus passive liquidity, okay? And I'm going to try to make this super simple. I'm going to dumb it down for you guys and make it very easy. So, aggressive liquidity, what is that? It's going to be your market orders, right? So, it means entering at the current price level, all right, which is what we do for Covenant model. So, our orders, when we place them for Covenant model, is aggressive liquidity, all right, because we're entering at the current price, okay? And this creates visible candlesticks, okay? So, all of these candlesticks right here are market orders, all right? And we can see that, okay, on this current candlestick, we're bullish, so there's more buys than sells, okay? And then on this leg right here, with all these gray candlesticks, this is also aggressive liquidity that happened previously, but obviously, there were more sellers than buyers, okay, because we were moving down, right? But, with aggressive liquidity, it's very important to understand you can only see previous filled orders because of candlesticks, okay? So, when you're looking at aggressive liquidity, you can only see the past and what's currently happening, okay, which is inside of the current candle that you're in. You can only see, okay, on this candle, there were more sellers than buyers, so we closed down. On this current candle, you know, there's more buyers than sellers, so we're bullish on that one candle. This is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to liquidity. So, again, I'm going to do a little recap so we make sure everybody is on the same page. We're not losing anyone when they're watching this recording. So, aggressive liquidity, it means a market order, okay? It means entering at the current price level, and you [snorts] can see aggressive liquidity on the market because of the candlesticks, okay? So, whenever there's more buyers than sellers, the candle will be bullish. We can see that, okay? That's aggressive liquidity entering in at the current price. You can really only see what is happening in your candle, and then what happened in the previous ones, okay? That's the information that gives you.
