# Passive Liquidity
Topic: heatmaps
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HbQv8rs68w

## Transcript
Now, let's get into passive liquidity, okay? This is going to be your stop orders or your limit orders, okay? So, these are going to be things outside of candlesticks, outside of the current price, all right? So, as you can see, your aggressive liquidity would be down here at this current candle, but you can also create passive liquidity, which is just orders that are outside of the current candle or previous candles. So, these are going to be orders that are waiting to be filled, all right? So, a quick example of this, NQO, that's passive liquidity, because you're not entering at the current price, you're setting your orders and saying, "All right, computer, I want you to enter me in a long if price hits all the way up here, right? Or I want you to enter me in a short if price hits all the way down here." But, you're not in yet, okay? That is passive liquidity. It is orders that are waiting to be filled, okay? So, for example, we have an order up here that we set that is waiting to be filled. It's not active in the market yet, but it's resting, okay? It's waiting to be filled. This is an example of passive liquidity. Now, what's interesting about this is that on a candlestick chart, on TradingView, on whatever you use, you can only see your own passive liquidity on the chart. So, if I place an order up here, this buy stop, nobody else can see this except me, all right? And I can't see anyone else's passive orders in the market, right? That's a problem, because 99% of the liquidity in the market is passive, okay? It's going to be big banks, big institutions, big hedge funds putting huge orders at certain levels waiting to be filled. So, now you're probably asking, "How do we actually see other people's orders? That feels like cheating, right? That feels like having an unfair advantage. That feels like, you know, when you you were playing Call of Duty and someone's using wall hacks, right? Same concept here." &gt;&gt; [cough] [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So, I'm about to show you how we can actually see not only our own, but other people's passive liquidity on the chart.
