# Reading Heatmaps
Topic: heatmaps
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0sndsZ6oN4

## Transcript
So, the big surprise, we kind of already went into it, but the big surprise, you actually can see other people's passive orders. Introducing the heat map, okay? This is our version of Call of Duty wall hacks, okay? Um this is our version of just having a deeper view of the market and more information, okay? More helpful information and it's very, very simple. So, heat maps show liquidity that is invisible to 99% of traders, okay? They show us very important liquidity levels like institutional limit orders, right? For example, if a huge bank like JP Morgan Chase wanted to do our NQO strategy, you would be able to see where they placed their orders, okay? And so, these arrows are just examples of liquidity that, you know, is invisible to everyone else, but if you have a heat map, you can actually see them. So, liquidity on the heat map, as you guys can probably see, it is shown by being yellow thick lines on the chart, okay? So, the thicker the line, the more liquidity that there is at that level, all right? For example, this is a screenshot of a heat map right here. As you guys can see, there's a a couple bits of yellow splattered across the chart, but what makes a valid liquidity level or a liquidity level valid, what makes it actually important, the fact that it touches this deck of numbers. So, for example, this level of liquidity, it used to be active right here, and then as we see to the right, it's no longer even there, right? So, that means someone had an order, and then they canceled it, all right? But, if we see that we have massive liquidity build up right here and it touches these numbers, that means it's active, okay? So, out of all of this liquidity on the chart, we only have this huge cluster and then this little line that's active. All of these other yellow pieces are just previous liquidity that already got
