# Smarter Take Profits
Topic: heatmaps
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGHrikdWsDE

## Transcript
And so what does this mean? This tells us that we can see liquidity sweeps way way easier than just marking out a little candlestick line, okay? And this is very important because what does this indicate for us? This allows us to see true inversions. And why is this important? Because the Covenant model is based around inversions, okay? So as you can see here, we have accumulation down here. We have the manipulation. We have a delivery from a 15-minute time frame gap as well as a liquidity sweep on the heat map, okay? And then we get an inverse fair value gap. This just makes the strategy so much better, okay? And you can have way higher confidence when you are taking these trades. So let's and let's take a look at what actually ended up happening after that indicator that we got a true inversion because we saw the liquidity sweep on the heat map, all right? It played out perfectly. It played out perfectly. And the heat map is so strong that it's not only good for indicating when price is going to reverse and, you know, giving us those true inversions and just stronger Covenant models, it is extremely good at telling us where to take out our trades at and how to set sniper take profits, okay? So as you can see here on the heat map, we have very strong liquidity at around the level of 533 all the way up to even almost, you know, 555, all right? What did we see here on the candlestick chart? We went to the very bottom, the very bottom of that liquidity cluster. And I ended up sniping that exit. As you can see here, the candle closed right here. Look at that huge wick to the downside. We took that entire wick for profit. This was a real trade that I took with the Covenant Circle students. And we ended up sniping that, okay? And it was only because of the heat map and it giving us all this juicy information that we can use to
