# Incorporating Heatmaps
Topic: heatmaps
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jzuFD0om9w

## Transcript
Let's keep going. I want to congratulate you guys because if you're at the end of this little little video, if you're at the end of this little training for this first section, you now know more than 99% of traders out there about advanced market analysis and just liquidity awareness. Because like I mentioned, most people will never even know what a heat map is, okay? And a lot of traders currently still do not know, all right? And so, I'm going to leave all the resources later on in this module to how you can actually access the heat map for free, by the way, cuz I don't want you guys to have to shell out any extra money. Um So, we're going to give you the resources for that. And we're going to have a lot more examples of this um coming up in the future, you know, when we couple this with our Covenant model. One thing I do want to emphasize, guys, the heat map should never be used to enter a trade just because we see liquidity in the market, all right? So, for example, um let's go over to MNQ right here. PM session just opened. Let's say we see huge liquidity up here. And actually, let's match this. So, there's not that much liquidity in the market right now, as you can see. Um but let's pretend we're going to make this yellow for the example. Let's pretend that we have active liquidity up here. All right? I do not want you guys to just take a random trade up to here, okay? Do not do that. What we should do and how we should use heat maps is that this is just a way to be more confident in a Covenant model trade and to exit it with sniper accuracy, okay? So, heat maps alone, just because you know where the liquidity is, that does not mean you should just randomly trade up to it. What we do is our entries are purely purely based off of is it a solid Covenant model, all right? Is it a solid accumulation to manipulation phase with a delivery from a higher time frame gap and do we see displacement in that manipulation leg to create a fair value gap, right? For us to eventually inverse. And the liquidity sweep on the heat map is an extra cherry on top, okay? But you should always base your entries off of candlestick patterns with the Covenant model and what we teach you guys in there and then use the heat map to validate your trade and say, all right, we ended up getting this liquidity sweep, awesome, and we have liquidity below to target, okay? Or if you're trading up, we have liquidity
