# Real World Application
Topic: heatmaps
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lkqHYzOuI8

## Transcript
Right? So, for this example, if we go back over here, I took this trade because we had accumulation, manipulation. I made sure there was delivery from a a higher time frame gap, which in this case was pretty low time frame, but it was 15 minutes. So, we had a delivery from a significant gap, and then we inversed a fair value gap that we created because of the displacement in the manipulation leg, okay? So, that's why I entered the trade. The liquidity sweep right here was just the cherry on top to let me know this is a high probability trade. Okay? The liquidity sweep was not like, okay, drop everything you're doing, drop everything you learned, and just enter off that. No. This is the extra cherry on top to add to your trades so your win rate goes insanely high, okay? That is what we use the heat map for, and we also use it to exit our trades super super accurately. Okay? So, that should be the reason for using the heat map, all right? All of your entries should be based on the Covenant model and its confluences, and the heat map is something to support you through your trades to make sure you're entering real inversions, and to make sure you're taking out your trades at the smartest level possible. All right? So, if you combine everything that we've gone over in this little module so far, you are going to take the Covenant model from whatever your win rate is right now and immediately bump that up by 10 to 15%. All right? Just by using this, okay? And so, that is the reason for the heat map. It is an expert tool to take smarter trades, okay? So, I'm not asking you to take different trades. I'm asking you to take smarter trades, okay? So, Covenant model is our primary thing. That is our bread and butter. Okay, as you can see here, we have accumulation, manipulation, beautiful delivery to the distribution. That doesn't change. All right, Covenant Model doesn't change. This makes the Covenant Model better. Okay, this just makes it better. And I want to make that
