# What are All Time Highs
Topic: all-time-highs
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hs9qOZRu9qw

## Transcript
Okay. This video is going to go over how to trade all-time highs versus, you know, when the market is regular and it's not at all-time highs cuz I know that a lot of you guys don't have any experience with being at all-time highs and that's normal. So, let's go over how to actually stay profitable during this time period. What you're going to want to do every single day, it's a very simple step, I promise you. First of all, what are all-time highs? Let's go over that real quick cuz I know some of you guys probably might not know what that means. It means we are at a price that is currently or that NQ has currently never been at before until now. So, this is the highest NQ has ever been in its lifetime, all right? So, that's pretty significant. Pretty significant. And the way you identify this is zoom out to the higher time frame and as you can see we're just go up kind of plateau go up, kind of plateau, go up, plateau, go up, plateau, go up. And these plateaus on the 4-hour are actually dips on the lower time frame. So, you go up, you dip, you go up, you dip, you go up, you dip, you go up, you dip. So, looking at this, where do you think is the perfect time to take a buy during the dip? Okay, so we got to identify those. Got to identify the dips and ride the distribution. In all-time highs I don't want to see any of you guys taking shorts unless it's literally right at 8:30 or 9:30 Eastern.
