# Spotting An ATH Entry
Topic: all-time-highs
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HbRiTFkZwY

## Transcript
We're going to look at how to identify these types of trades and how to actually execute them correctly. So, looking at I think it was Whoa, where were we at? Okay, looking at the trade we took today, the way that you're going to recognize the dips and which ones are valid and how they're going to bounce up and, you know, continue to distribute higher is you're going to want to identify a gap in pre-market that's like a decent time frame. So maybe not a 5m minute, you're going to look for 15minut, 30 minute, 1 hour or 4 hour. Okay? So identify a solid time frame gap. The higher time frame the better, right? Because the stronger it is. And what you're going to want to do is you're going to wait for price to do its thing, go above, and then revisit this gap, and you're going to take a lower time frame inversion. So what does that actually look like? It's going to look exactly like this. Okay. So, let me actually delete these lines because they're confusing. So, on the lower time frame, you can see we not only dipped into this gap once, but we actually did it twice. But what's the difference? And I want to get you guys' opinion on this as well in the call. What's the difference between this dip and this one? So, the difference is that this one has no fair value gap. This one actually has a fair value gap to get inversed. Okay. So, the reason you wouldn't take this dip, um, which honestly you still could have, it's just not a strong confirmation to be taking, um, because of the lack of confirmation. So, I held off on this. I did not enter this dip into that 15-minute gap. What I did is I waited for another dip to happen where we actually formed a gap. And so, right when this gap got inversed, I took my entry. Okay? And so that's what I mean by you want to wait till on the higher time frame you create a gap. So for example, we're going to say we create a gap right here. Boom boom boom boom boom. We revisit this gap on the higher time frame and then on the lower time frame we get an inversion to
