# Staying Profitable During ATH
Topic: all-time-highs
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbkd3qNwYWA

## Transcript
So, that is how you'll actually trade all-time highs. You're not necessarily going to rely completely on the Covenant model here. It's going to kind of be a different variation cuz as you can see, accumulation, manipulation, inversion, but it looks a little bit different now because of the fact that again, we're at all-time highs. NQ has never been at this price level before. So, you're just going to have to anticipate that we're going to keep pushing higher until you wake up one day and we have a break of structure to the downside again on a higher time frame. So, until we get a break of structure on the on the down to the downside on the 4-hour or the 1-hour, we are literally just going to keep pumping. So, again, when we are at all-time highs, it is not a good idea to take shorts. Please do not do that. You will lose, okay? And even if you win, it's because you got lucky. So, only take longs at all-time highs when you're trading the interest session of the New York AM. Obviously, NQO can do whatever it wants and you're going to make bank. Um that's not a problem. You could take a long, you could take a short. Just depends on where the market goes right at the open. But when you're actually trading New York session, you know, past NQO, please, please, please do not take shorts. Just look for long setups. Again, the way you find them, let NQ do its thing. Let it dip back into a significant gap and then wait for an inversion and then boom, take your entry right there. And so, that is how you're going to trade all-time highs and stay profitable.
