# Protected Stop Losses In Depth
Topic: mastery-suite
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUlao1iFpuA

## Transcript
All right. So, in this video, we are going to go over what is a protected stop loss versus an unprotected stop loss. All right, because I see a lot of beginners, you know, trip themselves up when it when it comes to this. They can have the right trade. They know where the market is going based off our Covenant model, but they still get stopped out because they aren't putting their stop losses in the right places. All right, so we're going to go ahead and we're going to manufacture a little Covenant model trade right in front of you guys, if y'all don't mind. So, obviously, you guys know what this is. This is accumulation. We manipulate lower, and then imagine we're going to go over multiple scenarios. We're going to go over multiple multiple scenarios, okay? So, this is our Covenant model right here. We're going to say there is a fair value gap right here. All right, this is where the fair value gap is. We ended up inversing it all the way up here. You're going to take your position, okay? And we're going to go through a number of scenarios here. Don't mind the actual points. I zoomed out a lot to get this here. So, as you guys can tell, um accumulation highs are over a one-to-one. We love to see that, okay? We love to see that when it's possible. But, one thing that I see a lot of people do wrong when they get a setup like this, which this is in the Covenant model, by the way. So, we're just going to recap that part real quick before I move forward. They will put their stop right here. Now, is this acceptable? Sometimes, yes. Is this what you want to do the majority of the time? No, okay? Because what can often happen is that even if we tap into this and we bounce back up, you might get a wick that goes through your stop loss. The body of the candle might not close through your stop loss. You know, the body of the candle might only close over here and then bounce back up. So, it'll do something like that. But, the wick often does go through the fair value gap, okay? It often does, all right? So, the smarter stop loss here would be to put it at the swing low of the manipulation leg, all right? And that's what the Covenant model videos actually do teach. So, that was just a little recap. But, let's go into a couple different scenarios, all right? What if, let's say for example, you know, we have one a little bit higher and, you know, we have the same fair value gap right here, but now let's just add another one. Okay, let's just add another one. It could be around the same size. Okay, let's say this one's even bigger, all right? Now, this still, let's see if it makes sense to put our stop loss at the swing low, okay? It still does. It still does. This is pretty much a one-to-one, okay? This is pretty much a exact one-to-one. It still makes sense to put our stop loss at the swing low. One thing you can do, though, is obviously, if we have retraced, you know, maybe gotten into this one, maybe gotten into this one, then bounced out, once we are around halfway to TP, then it's okay to kind of move your stop loss, okay? Like, disregard, not disregard, but get rid of some of that risk on your hands, all right? But, one thing that is not okay to do in this situation is to just take it to the first fair value gap, okay? And to put your stop loss here. That's one thing that is not okay because I want you guys to imagine these gaps as levels of defense, okay? Levels of defense. So, would we rather have only one level of defense right here with protecting our stop loss, or we rather have or would we rather have two? I know what I'm choosing. I'm choosing two every day, okay? Every day. And when it makes sense, and when it actually makes sense to put it at swing low, you know, if you're still at a one to one by putting it at swing low, put it at swing low, okay? Put your stop loss and give yourself the breathing room to actually be able to hit the trade, okay? But, again, a protected stop loss would be something like this where we have, you know, line of defense one, so we're going to call it line of defense, LOD. We have line of defense one by having this fair value gap right here, and then we have our final line or our second line of defense, line of defense number two, which is this fair value gap, and then we have line of defense three, which is the swing low. And one thing that I want to emphasize here, guys, the reason we place our stop losses in strategic areas is because your stop loss should be placed on whatever invalidates your idea. Okay, so what do we know about the market? If we're pushing higher, we have to make a low and then a higher low and then a higher low and then a higher low, okay? What is the one thing that is going to invalidate us pushing higher? I'm going to give you guys some time to think about it. One, two, three, four, five. If you said lower low, you got it, okay? So, the thing that invalidates our idea here is that instead of making higher lows and moving in the market like this to go higher, is if we make a lower low. Okay? So, by the time we even get down here, we can confidently say, "I was wrong." Okay? [laughter] If my stop loss gets hit and we close below, I was wrong, okay? And that's fine, but that is is point of our stop loss. I'm going to ride it out. Our stop loss should be placed at the point our trade idea is invalid, okay? So, if you are trying to trade up, your stop loss should be placed whenever you know for a fact you're now going to move down by making a lower low. Does that make sense to everyone's head right now, okay? So, the difference between a trade idea being valid and invalid is the fact that if we're trying to go up, if we make a lower low right here, we're probably wrong, okay? If we make a lower low, we're probably wrong. So, as long as price does not drop below this swing low, we are good, all right? We are good. And so, that is the purpose of a stop loss, and that is the purpose of a protected stop loss, okay? But now, let's run through a bit of a different scenario, okay? Let's say you have your stop all the way or your entry all the way up here, that's the max you could get with this setup. You put your TP at swing highs, and then you want to still get that one to one. So, let's actually say your entry was around like down here. Be a little bit more realistic if we're going for a one to one. Now, obviously, we only have two lines of defense, but this is still a valid trade, okay? Because you're protecting your RR. You're sticking to the model, all right? Now, this is a lot better than if you were to just take one gap right here, or if you were to be crazy enough to not even have it at the gap, right? Which I don't think any of you guys do that, but hopefully, you know, we know better than that by now. But, you always want to make sure you have the most lines of defense possible while it is still above a one to one, okay? Or a one to one flat. So, yes, on paper, you get better RR. It's almost a two RR. It's 1.7 if you just put it below this fair value gap. But guess what? You're missing the whole other line of defense that price is trying to hand-feed you. Right? It's feeding it to you on a silver platter. Take that line of defense. Because what do we do? We trade off market structure, okay? We don't trade purely based off of RR. Yes, having great RR is nice. It's good to have. But whenever you put your stop loss placements because of market structure and your take profits because of market structure, that's when your trades are actually going to win and you can let your runners ride and your your trade ideas will be super valid, all right? So, if you are getting stopped out frequently, but your trade ideas are correct, this is what you need to change. You need to change going from having random stop losses or just stop losses that you think are good because you say so and start putting your stop losses based on market data because statistically, it is harder to get stopped out if you have two gaps protecting your stop versus one. Okay, so that's what I mean putting your stop loss stop losses based off market data, okay? And if you can afford a one-to-one by going to the swing low, then go to the swing low, brother. Like that's it's to me it is a little bit of a no-brainer, but this is the purpose of this module is I don't want you guys to ever go through the frustration of taking a bunch of trades in a row where they end up hitting your TP, but you just get wicked out early, okay? Cuz I know from experience that is not a fun time, all right? That is not a fun time. So, this is the importance of protected stop losses. This is how to actually determine where to put those stop losses in order for them to be protected, okay? And this is why a stop loss is even there in the first place. Again, our stop loss should be placed at the point where our trade is invalid, okay? So, that means if we're trying to go higher, [snorts] we cannot make a lower low. All right? We cannot make a lower low. If we're trying to go lower, for example, we cannot make a higher high. Okay? I hope that this makes sense to you guys. I love recording these videos. I'm not going to lie. Um but, I hope this is very educational. I hope this makes
