# Rejection Blocks for Stronger Covenant Trades
Topic: mastery-suite
Source: https://www.loom.com/share/93a0dbec11824fa296e44738615a7be1

## Transcript
1 Alright, what is up everybody? 2 I hope you guys are having a great day because I'm having a wonderful 3 one myself. I want to take you guys through what is a rejection block 4 and why is it important, okay? And how can we actually utilize that to 5 make the Covenant model even stronger in our day-to-day, 6 alright? So that's the whole point of this video. That's what we're gonna get 7 into. So without further ado, 8 let's get right into it. As you guys can see right in front of 9 us right now, this is a real trade that we took inside the community. 10 This was on Tuesday, June 16th. A beautiful, 11 beautiful Covenant model trade that played out perfectly, 12 alright? Even though there was no news on this day. But, 13 one of the things that made us crush on this trade 14 and absolutely increased our chances of winning of actually hitting this trade and playing 15 out and catching it is the fact that we used rejection blocks in order 16 to determine, do we take this? 17 Do we skip it? Okay? So we're gonna get into what is a rejection 18 block. We're gonna explain it with this beautiful example right here of 19 this Asia session right here, 20 alright? But before we do that, let Let me just turn off. 21 Off my sessions so we can just focus on the market structure, 22 okay? That's all we're gonna focus on for this video. 23 So as you guys can see here, 24 we have a huge push up and then we just kind of accumulate right 25 here. One thing I want you guys to notice is that what 26 keeps happening at this level, 27 alright? Alright, this kind of looks like a big cluster of just, 28 Prices hitting a floor, okay? 29 It's not getting below that floor. Price is hitting a resistance level. 30 But let's look a little deeper at why that's even going on in the 31 first place, okay? Because if we look a little deeper, 32 then we actually find the real reason price hitting this 33 and it being a rejection block. So, 34 one thing I want you guys to notice, what do we have on the 35 left, right here? We have the tiniest 15-minute 36 fair value gap. But guys, this is why marking out your levels is so 37 important. And most importantly, marking out the significant levels, 38 right? The ones that are still valid, okay? 39 So, we have that 15-minute fair value gap, 40 right there. Price hitting a keeps hitting it and just rejecting 41 and creating rejection wicks. 42 Okay, if you don't know what rejection wicks are, go check out the rejection 43 wick theory video. It explains everything in detail. 44 But, essentially, what we see here is that every time that price travels 45 and hits this fair value gap, or even travels below it, 46 we immediately reject back up and just put in a rejection wick, 47 alright? That is super important, 48 because what constitutes the beginning of this rejection block area 49 is this candle right here, which is the one that we're gonna focus on 50 for a sec right here. This candle right here is the very first one 51 that travels into this gap and has a huge wick get put 52 in, okay? So, when we see that there's a level, 53 there's an area of resistance that price can't hit, 54 cannot break below, and we see that it is started by a 55 huge rejection wick, as we could see right here, 56 by this, or like, like we have on this candle right here, 57 that's important, guys. That is very, 58 very important, and that lets us know that price is going to continue 59 to reject at that level. So, 60 does that make sense that every single time we see we see a huge 61 wick to a certain fair value gap, 62 and it's just a rejection wick, it's a pretty significant one that gets put 63 in, and then price goes the other way, 64 that that constitutes a rejection block, 65 and that kind of lets us know how price is going to continue to 66 react that way, especially if we have just visual confirmation 67 right here that, all right, we put in this rejection wick, 68 because of that huge wick at the beginning, 69 this candle that we just went over right here, 70 price continues to reject out of that area, 71 so we can confidently know that's a rejection block. 72 It is so easy to understand why this trade worked, 73 when we understand the importance of rejection blocks. 74 So, hopefully, now we know what a rejection block is. 75 It is simply, when price travels into a fair value gap and 76 puts in a huge rejection wick. 77 Alright, that's all it is. That's all it is. 78 So, to make this even more emphasized, 79 I'm gonna cut it short over here, 80 and we're just gonna study that. Boom. 81 Fair value gap is right here. We can see a huge rejection wick gets 82 put right there. That's a rejection block. 83 Alright, hopefully, we got that clear now. 84 Hopefully, we got that clear. As you can see, price keeps rejecting off that 85 level, keeps rejecting off that level. And then, 86 we get closer to market open, alright? So, 87 during market open, obviously, 88 we have a huge push up, and then we trade lower. 89 What do we get at this candle? We trade to the top of the 90 rejection block. And then, we absolutely, 91 like, kind of the word says, we reject. 92 But, we're going to keep going, and we're going to see what actually happened 93 inside of this trade on the one minute time frame, 94 alright? So, off of open, 95 I really wanted this sell side to get swept. 96 That was what I wanted to get swept before we moved higher. 97 So, we can easily see, off of open, what happened. 98 We travel into that rejection block, and again, 99 we put in a massive rejection wick with this candle right here 100 at market open, alright? And then, 101 as you can see, we travel to the bottom of that rejection block, 102 we sweep the liquidity, and we begin to move up, 103 okay? And so, that's basically where I took my entry. 104 One thing that I want to emphasize here, though, is that during the trade, 105 we actually did experience a good bit of drawdown. 106 As you can see, there's candles here. Huge. And it's to the downside, 107 okay? That's the opposite of where we want the market to go. 108 But even though, guys, even though we experienced that drawdown, 109 the rejection block saved our butts, 110 okay? The rejection block, 111 the rejection block saved our butts, and it made it so that even though 112 we traveled back down to that level, since there was no more liquidity to 113 be swept, we just bounced right back back up, 114 okay? And we anticipated that going into this trade. 115 Why do you think my stop-loss is all the way down here? 116 It's because I want it to be protected by the rejection block, 117 okay? It's just like a line of defense. It's a little bit of padding 118 in our trade, so we make sure that we're safe, okay? 119 And then as you can see, we absolutely smacked TP, 120 no problem, because there was heat map liquidity up there. 121 But the underlying factor, the underlying the secret hero of this 122 trade that most people are going to overlook is this gorgeous 15-minute 123 rejection block, okay? And I just want to emphasize how awesome these things are, 124 because, guys, on the actual 15-minute chart, 125 look at how clean price rejected off of that area. 126 Look at how huge this rejection wick is. 127 All right? That's absolutely massive. 128 Absolutely massive. So, 129 beyond this video, I think I'm going to hold a coaching call going over 130 everything rejection block related and use this trade as an example. 131 So be on the lookout for that. If you're watching this in the future, 132 we most likely have that recorded as well. So, 133 with that being said, I hope that this was very, 134 very informative for all of you guys. I love it. 135 Explaining new things to you guys just like this to add confluences to your 136 trading, add a little bit of discretion so you can know where's the market 137 going to go, and most importantly, why is the market going to go to 138 that direction. So, as you guys can see, 139 rejection blocks, huge, huge, 140 huge potential to benefit you in trading. 141 I hope that you all study them, you all use them, 142 and I'm going to give you guys some homework. I want you guys to 143 after this video to go on the chart and try to spot three different 144 rejection blocks on a higher time frame. 145 So, whether that's 15 minute, 1 hour, 146 or 4 hour, go back and try to spot a rejection block, 147 or three, okay? Try to spot three of them, and then come back to 148 this video, watch it again, I promise you, 149 if it wasn't clear before, it definitely will be then, 150 okay? So, I appreciate you guys taking this for sticking to the end with 151 me here. Hopefully you guys incorporate this into your trading, 152 because we definitely will be using this in the live sessions. 153 So, make sure you're caught up, make sure you know what's going on, 154 and make sure you study.
