# Spotting Rejection Blocks and Stop Loss
Topic: mastery-suite
Source: https://www.loom.com/share/871f1c23e8634483b9451ed69b2e5448

## Transcript
1 Having 2 trouble spotting the model. Okay. 3 Most of the time. Alright, what part, 4 like just the entire thing, 5 or kinda what part is where it kinda gets shaky for you? 6 Like, cause I'm pretty sure accumulation is pretty easy to spot. 7 Is it manipulation? That's kinda the part where 8 it kinda falls apart for you and your head. 9 Or what part of the model? Manipulation. 10 Okay. I'm gonna pull up an example for you right 11 here. And then, 12 I'm gonna just, Just kinda walk you through it. Alright? 13 So, can we clearly see the accumulation 14 right here before the market actually opens? Where, 15 you know, we're not going straight sideways, 16 but we're just making very, very little moves. 17 So there's no significant move up, 18 no significant move down. Yeah, 19 okay, awesome. We're just gonna take a look at what happens 20 at market open, and then we're gonna try to identify whether or not that's 21 actually manipulation. Okay, so, up until this point, 22 is this something that you would call manipulation? 23 Yes or no? And 24 why? So you said yes, but why? 25 Because technically, I mean, technically, 26 we're still at the same level that these candles reach, 27 but why is this manipulation, 28 and this is not? Going 29 bearish, okay. So I'm gonna explain what's been on that a little bit. 30 So, yes, we're going bearish, 31 but that wouldn't be the nec- like, that wouldn't necessarily be the reason that 32 this is manipulation. It would be because of the, 33 the length of the candles, 34 right? Because obviously, on this pushdown, 35 we traveled the same distance, right? 36 As this pushdown. They both ended up at around right here. 37 But the difference in those pushes, 38 and what makes it manipulation, is the fact that these candles are much larger. 39 Even this tiny one right here has a huge wick. 40 So does that kind of make sense to how the candle size is a 41 big determining factor of whether something is manipulation or not? 42 Okay, awesome. And then, 43 we're gonna let this play out, 44 boom, boom, boom, boom, and then now you can clearly see the manipulation with 45 this candle right here. Because now you're like, okay, that was a huge move 46 as well. So now we can clearly see that. 47 But, I actually want to go through this entire trade with you, 48 and just give you a breakdown of like, what I was saying on the 49 day, why it worked, why this, 50 because this trade was beautiful right here. 51 This was a beautiful trade. So, during pre-market, 52 when I was just marking out my levels, um, 53 this is kind of what I was seeing. So, 54 we have a rejection block down here, 55 and I'm gonna quickly go through and just explain what a rejection block even 56 is. Because we do have a little mod, 57 video module on it, that's new. So, 58 I want to make sure you understand this before we move forward. 59 All right, can you see this tiny, 60 tiny, 15-minute fair value gap right here? 61 This tiny one right there. Okay, 62 perfect. When we have a gap, 63 and we have a candle that decides to flip, 64 put a huge wick into said gap, 65 that creates a rejection block. Okay, 66 so even if this gap was this big, 67 the fact that this candle tapped into it and rejected 68 would create a rejection block. 69 And so the only thing that I want you to, 70 like, envision a rejection block as is just a level of resistance. 71 Okay, it's very easy, it's just a level of resistance. 72 And so, after we put in this wick down here, 73 actually I'm gonna adjust that. After we put in this wick right here, 74 and created the rejection block, what happened when these candles 75 traveled into the same level? I'm gonna test your knowledge right here. 76 What happened right there? Were 77 they able to push through, or did they get bounced back 78 Exactly, exactly. So I'm gonna keep it very simple for us, 79 I'm gonna keep it very simple for us. You can imagine that this whole 80 thing, that's happening right here, this fair value gap is just acting as 81 a floor, okay, and price is just acting as a tennis ball. 82 If you throw a tennis ball down at the floor, 83 it's gonna bounce back up. Does that make sense? 84 So, when we see this formation of just, 85 okay, we have a gap right here, this purple gap, 86 it's a 15 minute gap, we have purple. 87 price tapping into it and bouncing out with a huge 88 wick, because guys, the wick is even bigger than the candle body in this 89 instance, that's how we know that's a rejection block. 90 And that's how we can actually make an educated decision and say, 91 the next candles that travel into there have a very high likelihood of 92 rejecting and bouncing out. So, 93 that's it. That was super important during pre-market. 94 By the way, Jaden, you haven't missed anything, 95 because we're still just doing a little trade recap, 96 and I'm going into rejection blocks. So, 97 you joined at the perfect time. Joined at the perfect time. 98 So, with that being said, 99 we see that rejection block during pre-market, 100 during other sessions, and then this is exactly what we're looking at. 101 Right before market open. Okay, 102 so I see this. I mark out my levels. Obviously, 103 we have this 15-minute gap right here. It's also been acting as a little 104 area of resistance. We have this 15-minute gap up here. 105 So now, let's just drop down to the 1-minute and see what pre-market is 106 looking like. We've seen this time and time again, 107 guys. Time and time again. Pre-market accumulation. 108 But one thing that I do want to point out that is very, 109 very important is that when we actually turn on, 110 you know, the sessions, the Asia low that was created 111 actually ended up getting placed inside of our rejection block. 112 Can we all see that? The Asia low is inside the rejection block. 113 That gives us a ton of information about where the market's 114 going to go. Alright, 115 so, now that we've identified that, 116 now that we kind of understand why we have that sell-side liquidity marked 117 out, we're gonna look into what is 118 most likely to get hit, right? Because we have sell-side right here, 119 we have this rejection block that price loves tapping into and then rejecting out 120 of, so we're just gonna look at open. Off of this pre-market 121 structure, my thought process was, 122 okay, I want us to tap into this rejection block, 123 sweep the sell-side liquidity, and then give us a play to the upside. 124 That was my, that was my thought process going into this day, 125 because if you go to the one hour, up until this point, 126 pretty bullish, right? Pretty bullish. This would just be a pullback to push higher, 127 so we're gonna go and see what actually ended up happening. 128 I wanted this to push lower, sweep that sell-side liquidity, 129 and then use that to give us a move to the upside. 130 So we're gonna go immediately off open, immediately off open. 131 We tapped into the rejection block, just like I was thinking, 132 and we ended up sweeping the sell-side at the same time. 133 And guys, one thing I want you to understand, 134 what did this candle do right after sweeping that sell-side? 135 Did it close bearish, or did it shoot back up? 136 What did that candle do? Back 137 up, exactly, exactly. 138 When you sweep liquidity, or when the market sweeps liquidity, 139 that is a very, very strong indicator that there's a good chance we're 140 going to reverse, okay? There's a good chance that we're going to reverse. 141 And so me seeing this, it swept the liquidity, 142 and then immediately shot up. I was like, 143 thank you, Jesus, this is exactly what I want. 144 So, we're going to keep going. 145 Boom, right there. I took my entry a little bit. 146 Early before the candle closure, because I already knew, 147 like, again, this was so textbook, 148 I just pre-fired it. So I already knew this was going to continue pumping. 149 We got into it right here, and I want to talk about my stop-loss 150 placement for a second. I'm going to, I'm going to let you guys take 151 a little guess right here. Why do you think my stop-loss is down here? 152 Why, why did I put my stopwatch on? Hey, no way Cameron, 153 let's go. But 154 why is my stop-loss set there? Yeah, 155 yeah, yeah, of Of course, 156 There also, we're gonna go over that together. 157 Jaden, I'm gonna make sure you understand it, but if you ever need to 158 revisit uhm, 159 it's gonna be in Mastery Suite. 160 Because it has to go through resistance to get to it? 161 Amen, Cameron. That is the perfect answer you could have given. 162 Cameron said, my stop-loss is placed there because of the fact that to 163 even hit my stop-loss, price has to go through tons 164 of resistance, okay? 165 That is the perfect answer. And that is what we need, 166 because we don't want our stop-loss to be unprotected. 167 We want our stop-loss to have some lines of defense, 168 okay? And that's something that I talked about in the Rejection Block video that 169 you guys can check out in the Mastery Suite section. 170 But, I'm gonna do it again. So, 171 our first line of defense, this 15-minute fair play, 172 fair value gap. Alright, that is the very first one, 173 that's what price is gonna be met with, 174 or that's where resistance is gonna meet price, if price decides to push back 175 lower. The second line of defense is gonna be this huge Rejection Block, 176 okay? This huge red Rejection Block. 177 And then the third line of defense is gonna be this skinny 15-minute fair 178 value gap, because even though it's super skinny, 179 it's still It is extremely powerful when it comes to rejecting price. 180 And so, up until this point, I want to show you guys what it's 181 looking like on the higher time frame. Look at how much 182 resistance price had to go through just to sweep this sell 183 side. And we know that it resisted, 184 and it was an area of resistance, because look at how price rejected right 185 after. Look at that huge wick. 186 And guys, one thing I want you to notice, what does this look similar 187 to? Let's scroll back. 188 It looks very similar to this wick that created the rejection block. 189 Because this wick was bigger than the candle body. 190 And when we go over here, so far, 191 this wick is way bigger than the candle body, 192 right? Very, very familiar. 193 So, that is why rejection blocks are important, 194 and that is how they affect price. But, 195 when it comes to our stop loss, again, we can actually use these things, 196 use these areas of resistance, to make our trade higher, 197 like, a higher likelihood of playing out. 198 So, I wanna go through a little exercise with you guys. 199 We're gonna say, we're a new trader, 200 we don't know any of that stuff, so we just place our stop loss 201 under the first fair value gap, even though we have all this extra, 202 all these extra resources to use. Let's see what ends up happening. 203 Boom. Stopped out right there. 204 Immediate. Literally, like, one, 205 two, three, four, five minutes into the trade. 206 Five minutes into the trade, you get stopped out, just because you didn't take 207 advantage. of the resources the market gave you, 208 right? And now let's do the exact same trade, 209 same trade idea, same bias, same entry, 210 but we actually used a smart stop loss. 211 Because we're using all of the lines of defense that are available to us. 212 Let's, let's watch it play out. Boom. 213 You hit full TP. But one thing I want you guys to notice, 214 why did these candles only go to this level and 215 then reject? What made those candles reject out? 216 It's a pretty easy question, but I want us to start verbalizing this so 217 we can really, really get 218 What market concepts made those candles reject out of that level? 219 Order block? Close, Jaden, close. 220 the rejection block right here, because as you can see, 221 we didn't tap into the 15-minute fair value gap down here, 222 which was the third line of defense. We only tapped into the 15-minute 223 up here, and the rejection block. And the rejection block was the little 224 final push we needed to pump up to our take profit. 225 Alright, so when I was in this trade, I was in quite a bit 226 of drawdown. Like, we were pretty far from my entry, 227 so I was seeing a negative number, right? 228 But I knew with full confidence, 229 as long as we tap into this gap, 230 we will reject up out and push higher, 231 right? Simply because, what has Price done the entire 232 morning? We could just go look at it, 233 right? We spend some time in the rejection block, 234 and then we always end up pushing out. Always end up pushing out. 235 So, I knew, at least for my trade, this had a high, 236 high likelihood of playing out, as long as the rejection block did its job, 237 right? And I was very, very confident that this level would do its job. 238 So, does that make sense, everybody? Does that make sense? 239 Okay, 240 perfect, 241 perfect, 242 perfect. 243 Now, we're gonna get into how to spot a reject, 244 a rejection block and just what it could look like, 245 because I know that's gonna be super helpful for you guys to actually 246 be able to use these in your trades. Wait 247 for it. It's just when I do it live, 248 it's like everything I learn goes out the window. So, 249 actually for both of you guys, Jaden and DoubleO, 250 because you guys both kinda have a similar problem. 251 One thing that I've seen from Jojo, 252 uhm, and JP, they really, 253 really, really accept sellers at their live trading once they started 254 backtesting. And what is backtesting? 255 That just means going back in time in the market and then trading 256 that day like it's live. Right? 257 So, you can go back to a random day, 258 kinda like what we're doing right now. Technically, what we're doing right now is 259 backtesting. You can go back to a random day, 260 go to the market open of that day, 261 or whatever time you typically do like to trade, 262 and then just do your pre-market routine, 263 mark out your levels, and try to trade that day successfully. 264 So, backtesting is going to be a huge, 265 huge help, Jaden and Double O, when it comes to just getting good on 266 your live sessions. Because, obviously, 267 you're gonna get there over time regardless, right? 268 It's just a matter of time. But if If you want to speed it 269 up. Backtesting is the way to go. 270 100%. 100%. 271 And people actually, people backtest quite a bit in this community. 272 So, if you want Jaden and Double O, 273 if you're ever down to hop in a call together and backtest, 274 in, uhm, in Trading General or anything, 275 I guarantee you, other people will join and, 276 and, and backtest with you guys. 277 I guarantee you. Yeah, 278 JP backtests all the time. And so does JoJo. 279 So I, I guarantee you guys, if you ever just send out a message, 280 be like, yo, who's down to backtest tonight? 281 People will respond. We have a great community. 282 Yes, exactly, Jaden, that's exactly what it is. 283 Yeah, just replaying the day. But with backtesting, 284 I think it's very, very helpful. To just choose a random day in the 285 past. Not, like, literally the last day. 286 Just, like, choose a random day in the past, go backtest that with some, 287 with some of the, of the friends in this community, 288 and then you're gonna, you're gonna see massive improvements from that for sure. 289 Awesome, awesome. But, I do know that you guys wanted some clarification on rejection 290 blocks. So we're just gonna go over how to actually spot those. 291 And we're gonna go over the anatomy of a rejection block, 292 okay? We're gonna go over what actually makes up one of 293 these things. So, up until this point 294 right here, up until this point right here, 295 I'm gonna delete some stuff. Up up 296 until this point right here. 297 Let's, let's remove this bar. 298 Let's remove this candle as well. So what do we see here? 299 What do we see here? We see the world's tiniest 15-minute fair value gap 300 right here. And then we trade above it, 301 right? We're trading above it, trading above it, trading above it. 302 And we're getting pretty darn close to that fair value gap again. 303 So the only thing that makes up a rejection 304 block is this. We need to see a wick 305 that goes down into this fair value gap or below it, 306 and a candle that closes like this. 307 My apologies for the drawing, I am not an artist. 308 But we need to see a candle like that. Why is that what 309 constitutes a rejection block? Guys, 310 it's very simple. How- do we all understand rejection wicks? 311 Do we all understand that? It's okay if you don't. 312 I have a video on that, actually. Uhm, 313 it's gonna be Market Movement. 314 I do believe it's in Market Movement. Yes, 315 it is in Market Movement, but does everybody understand what a rejection wick is? 316 Awesome, awesome, awesome. If you understand what a rejection wick is, 317 then this is just taking that one concept and adding 318 a fair value gap. Does that make sense, Jaden? 319 Rejection blocks is just adding a fair value gap to a rejection wick. 320 So now, instead of price just rejecting out of thin air, 321 you actually see the reason behind it. 322 Which is like, oh, there's a gap there. Okay, 323 that's a rejection block. Does that kind of make sense, 324 Jaden? I'm lost now. Okay, 325 okay, 326 okay, 327 okay. 328 So we know what a rejection wick is. 329 It's this. This is a rejection wick right here. 330 The reason it's a rejection wick is simply because Price tried 331 to go all the way down here and then rejected all the way back 332 up. That's the, that's the simple anatomy of a rejection wick. 333 To have something be a rejection block, 334 there needs to be a fair value gap in the wick. 335 That, that's, that's the whole thing. So, we're gonna see what 336 Price ended up doing. 337 And then we're gonna dissect what actually happened. 338 So. Wait, whoa. 339 Okay. Boom. 340 Or why isn't it letting 341 me do the replay? 342 Okay, 343 Okay, actually, we're gonna leave this replay. And then we're gonna go back to 344 it. Boom, 345 boom, Continue. 346 Alright. Okay, 347 we're gonna 348 zoom into this again. Alright, 349 perfect. So, 350 the reason. One second. 351 Yo, I'm in a coaching call. They can hear y'all. 352 Okay. So, we're gonna go into the anatomy of a 353 rejection block, and what actually makes it up. 354 So, we have this 15-minute fair value gap right here, 355 and then we see that this candle right here taps into that gap, 356 and then immediately bounces out. So, it goes a little bit lower than the 357 gap as well, but the most important thing is that we understand 358 projection blocks to just be measurements. 359 Eight up of a rejection wick plus a fair value gap. 360 That's literally all it is, fair value gap. 361 So, it's a rejection wick plus a fair value gap. 362 When we have those two combos, 363 that is super strong, because we know, 364 now that we've seen that, that this area from the entire 365 wick is now going to act as a level of resistance 366 for price, okay? And to show you guys this, 367 I'm literally just gonna click the back desk button, 368 so we can see the rest of the candles. So, 369 now that we know that this rejection block is a strong area of resistance, 370 we're just gonna see how price reacts every time we tap into it. 371 Boom, boom, Boom. Do you guys see? 372 Okay, well, obviously, this one broke it, but do you guys see how, 373 for the longest time, this is just the biggest level of resistance 374 ever? And price just keeps rejecting out of it? 375 That is why they're so powerful, alright? 376 So, just doing a little recap. Do we understand 377 what a rejection block is made up of? 378 Do we understand that it's- Would you consider a rejection block a 379 confluence? I think it definitely was in the trade that I'm taking, 380 or in the trade that I took on this day. Because what I was 381 waiting for is, alright, we have sell-side liquidity at that rejection block. 382 I want to see prices go down into there and give us a move 383 to the upside. So, 100% you could use rejection blocks to add to the 384 strength of your trades. Which, hopefully, 385 I want everybody to do. But, uhm, 386 Trey said, so expect a big move when it rejects. 387 I would say, Trey, use it the exact same way I do. 388 So, for me, I use it in combination with 389 the confluence. So, let's say, Trey, 390 I'll just show you the trade that we actually took. It's a perfect example, 391 actually. Let's just go back and let's see how it played out. 392 So, 393 I only took this for a one-to-one. So, 394 this wasn't necessarily a huge move, but we're gonna see how this rejection block 395 can actually increase the likelihood of your covenant model trade to play out. 396 So, as everybody knows, accumulation, 397 manipulation, distribution. Alright? 398 This is the accumulation right here. 399 This is the manipulation. I love the fact 400 that for the manipulation, we traveled into the rejection block, 401 because what happens after the manipulation anyway? 402 Every single time. Type it in the chat real quick. 403 I want to just to be interactive. 404 So what happens after the manipulation? Everybody should know this. 405 Inversion. Exactly. A reversal. 406 After the manipulation, we always go the other way. 407 Okay? We always go the other way. 408 That's another thing. Yes, Jaden, that's correct as well. 409 A pre-distribution inversion happens, 410 right? Or just a reversal. So, 411 do you guys think that us tapping into an area of rejection 412 on the manipulation gives us a higher likelihood that the market 413 will reverse? Yes or no? 414 Do 415 we understand that if the market likes to reverse after manipulations 416 anyway, how this area of rejection just makes that even stronger? 417 It just makes it even stronger. Awesome, 418 awesome. So, now, 419 instead of just the rate of regular market structure indicating, 420 like, yeah, it's probably going to reverse right now because of the fact that 421 this is manipulation. We have a textbook covenant model playing 422 out and we have a rejection block to support us. 423 So, that's why this trade was so high probability and why I was grinning 424 ear to ear whenever this actually, whenever I saw this play out. 425 I was so excited. I was like, 426 oh my goodness, this is so textbook. 427 It's, it's a no-brainer to take, right? 428 And so, that's how I use it in my trades tray. 429 Even if it's not a huge move, you can add it to the covenant 430 model to just say, alright, this has a way higher probability of 431 playing out. 432 Where did you enter? I entered at the level of 820. 433 So, we're literally right here. So, the reason I entered there and I didn't 434 wait for the candle closure is because I was just so confident. 435 I kind of just jumped the gun. I didn't wait for the candle closure. 436 I just, I knew this was textbook. I've seen this happen so many times. 437 So, I just, I just took it. Do you ever get discouraged by the 438 wicks to the upside though, that it will invert? 439 I'm just curious. Um, 440 so, to, by the wicks to the upside? 441 Not really. Um, 442 not really. Cameron, the reason I, 443 I don't is just because from my experience of trading with the model, 444 seeing it play out time and time again, 445 I've never seen, I've actually seen something that proves like the opposite 446 of, of that. Of kind of what you just mentioned. There was this one 447 trade that was so textbook, 448 but it had crazy rejection wicks to where I wanted the market to 449 go. And like, like huge ones. 450 And even though it had them, I decided to take it anyway and it 451 played out perfect. It played out perfect. 452 I think I've done a trade, I've definitely done a trade breakdown on it, 453 but I would say, like, 454 Thank The market structure, 455 overall, is so much more important than some rejection wicks 456 on the one minute. It's so much more important, 457 and that's why I would never use only a rejection 458 block to take a trade. You have to combine it with what we already 459 know, with what we're already good at. Does that kind of make sense? 460 Okay, perfect. 461 No, yeah, good question, though. Good question. Yeah, 462 I would just, yeah, just focus on market structure. 463 You'll be 100% more than okay. 464 So, 465 just keep the wicks in the back of your mind? Exactly, 466 yeah. A rejection block is not going to be something that, 467 like I said, you're not going to take a trade just because you're because 468 of it. It's just something that it's good to know so that when you 469 see it combined with the Covenant model, 470 you can be confident, right? It's always better to be confident in your trades 471 rather than to be kind of shaky. But, 472 let's go through another example, right? 473 Let's go through another example. Let's say, let's say that on this trade, 474 uhm, we have rejection block. 475 Other way, all right? Let's say the rejection block 476 was actually up here. Just based off of what we've seen, 477 would this, would this still be a good idea? 478 Even though we have the Covenant model perfectly right here. 479 Would this be a good idea to try to trade in the rejection block 480 or towards it? And 481 try to set our TP past it. And if it is, 482 why is it a good idea? If it's not, why is it a bad 483 idea? I want you guys to explain. 484 Yes, 485 because we never wicked that high to create a block. 486 No, no, no, I'm saying that is the block. Like, 487 like, hypothetically, we're going through the, 488 we're going through the scenario where what if the rejection block was actually above, 489 and it's going against our covenant model? 490 What, does it make sense to take that? Give 491 me given our take profit, we're trying to get, 492 we're trying to hit above the rejection block. 493 Does it make sense to even take that trade? Jayden says 494 no, Cameron says no, the other Jayden says no. 495 Okay, so, Cameron said this is a good question. What if it's just a 496 3 minute or 15 minute? So, 497 typically, rejection blocks, 498 are going to be, I mean, it's always better if they're higher time frame, 499 because that just means they're stronger, but I would say, 500 no matter the time frame, I'll give you guys the answer. 501 It is not a good idea to try to trade past a rejection block. 502 It's just not, it's just not a good idea, because it's going to reject, 503 or it has a high likelihood of rejecting. So, 504 if we were to take this trade, even if it's a 3 minute, 3 505 minute rejection block, or a 15 minute rejection block, 506 we are actively lowering our chances of getting a win on 507 this specific trade, just because we're trying to fight a rejection block. 508 Does that kind of make sense? How, our goal with the Covenant model, 509 is just, you try to trade with the market. 510 Don't trade against it, right? Because a lot of people will try to predict 511 where the market is going to go, and that never works. 512 That never works. When you predict, you start guessing, 513 you get emotional, you lose. What we do, 514 is we just take what we know from the market, 515 what happens time and time again, and then we make smart decisions around 516 moving with the market. So, 517 to trade into a rejection block or to try to trade past one and 518 break it, we're just going against the whole philosophy of our covenant 519 model. We're going against the entire thing, 520 because we should always simply be trying to trade with the market movement. 521 How fast does it take to map out all these confluences before a trade? 522 So, it's, it's pretty, 523 I'll, I'll show you what my chart was looking like during pre-market. 524 I'll show you what I was doing. What was looking at during pre-market. During 525 pre-market, all I had mapped out was, 526 let me put that back down, perfect. 527 Okay, so, during pre-market, we had no 1 hour or 4 hour gaps, 528 so the only thing I had marked out was this 15 minute gap right 529 here, and then I saw, oh, 530 this created a really, really big rejection wick. 531 So let me mark that out as a rejection block, 532 and then we had a 15 minute up here. So that was my only 533 pre-market analysis for this day, and we ended up banging out very, 534 very beautifully. Uhm, 535 one thing though, that I was going to say, 536 oh yeah, one thing that helps with pre-market analysis. 537 Guys, if you ever, if you ever see a an area of resistance 538 right here, like this, even if you have nothing marked out, 539 like, let's pretend, let's pretend this isn't here, 540 alright, let me delete that, let's pretend this isn't here, 541 and this isn't here. If we're just looking at this, 542 all I want you guys to do is say to yourself, 543 alright, a lot of candles we're rejecting here, 544 or accumulating, is that a level of resistance? 545 So, to see if it's a level of resistance, 546 we're gonna look to the left, okay, 547 we're gonna look to the left, and depending on what the left looks like, 548 that's gonna make us, or that's gonna help us try to figure out why 549 those candles cannot push lower, okay, 550 so that's just, like, a good practice thing that I want all of you 551 guys to start implementing. If you ever see a level where candles can't push 552 past, I want you to train your brain to automatically be, 553 like, what's to the left? What's to the left of that resistance? 554 And then when we do that, we actually find out, 555 hey, there's a fair value gap right here. 556 Let's mark that out. And it's very, 557 very helpful. Very, 558 very helpful. So if you ever see a significant level, 559 just look to the left. How do you mark out that skinny 15-minute 560 gap? Where is the gap in that case? Yeah, yeah, I'll show you. 561 So for this one, I'm pretty sure I had to zoom in quite a 562 bit to mark this one out. But the gap is quite literally, 563 I think, like, 5 points. So it is from 772 down 564 to 769. It's a 3-point fair value gap. 565 It's 3 points. But, That just goes to show 566 how significant fair value gaps are. 567 It is very strong, Jaden. It is very strong. 568 Any, any fair value gap, no matter what the size it is, 569 can be really strong, as you see right here. 570 We try to push, and this is on the 15-minute, 571 by the way. 1, 2, 572 3, 4, 5, 573 6, and then 7, 574 because of market open. 7 15-minute candles rejected out of it, 575 and it's a 3, it's a 3-point gap. 576 What are you marking it from? The wick? Yeah, yeah, yeah. 577 Any fair value gap is just gonna be marked from wick to wick. 578 So it's just from this wick, 579 right here, to this wick, 580 right here. Just wick to wick. 581 This 582 is starting to finally make some sense. Hey, let's go, 583 Trey, let's go. I'm glad, I'm glad. 584 My pre-market's gonna look like a rainbow tomorrow. 585 Hey, 586 it's always better to have stuff marked out before going into a day. 587 It gives you so much more context on where the market actually wants to 588 go. Okay, 589 so from wick to wick. Exactly, Jayden, exactly. 590 Are we feeling a little better about rejection blocks now? 591 Are we feeling a little better? I feel like we're making some progress. 592 Okay, awesome, awesome, awesome. Awesome. 593 So, you guys know this. 594 I like to make everything very simple. 595 Very, very simple. The only thing you need to know when it comes to, 596 is this a rejection block, is just, 597 you need a rejection wick with a fair value gap somewhere in there. 598 Alright? That's it. That's it. 599 It's just rejection wick plus FBG. 600 That's literally it. Yeah, 601 Jayden, it's always like that. It's always like that. 602 Always. Always, always, always. I would recommend, Jayden, 603 if you, if you want to kind of, like, recap on fair value gaps, 604 uhm, 605 what is the, what is the channel? Let me check. 606 It's gonna be Trading Basics. 607 It's gonna be Trading Basics. I would recommend go to the, 608 now that you've seen that on my chart, 609 go to the fair value gaps video on there. I promise you, 610 it's gonna make so much more sense now. It's gonna make so much more 611 sense now. Give it, give it a rewatch. 612 Give it a rewatch after this. Yeah. 613 Okay, awesome. Let's go back and try to find another rejection block. 614 Let's try to find, oh, actually, speak of the devil there's one literally right 615 here okay I want to ask you guys or 616 what kind of rejection block was this was it a one hour cuz I 617 think it 618 might 619 have been a 15 minute 620 Okay, 621 I wanna ask you guys, we're gonna get rid of some of these gaps, 622 just to make it way easier for you guys to see all this stuff. 623 Get rid of that. Alright. 624 Why is this red area a rejection block? 625 Why is that red area a rejection block? 626 It looks slightly different, but I wanna ask you guys. 627 Okay, before we do that, let's say we have a trade that is perfect, 628 but there's a 3-minute gap above. Or yeah, 629 there's a 3-minute gap above it that was created. 630 Do we just wait for the trade that doesn't have that, 631 or do we just see if it breaks through the gap and then go 632 into it? Okay. 633 So, is the gap you're talking about on a manipulation leg? 634 Because I think I know the trade that you're talking about, 635 if it is. Yeah, 636 okay, okay, no, I know exactly what you're talking about, 637 Cameron. Okay. I took that trade anyway, 638 and I didn't wait for the 3-minute. The reason I didn't wait for the 639 3-minute is because, if I remember correctly, 640 we inversed, uhm, 641 one 1-minute gap, and two 30-second gaps, 642 alright? Plus, yeah, I'm pretty sure it happened around Open, 643 the New York Open. So, again, that's just another thing where I would say, 644 it, it is 100%, Cameron, 645 it is 100% safer to wait for it to inverse the 3-minute. 646 But, on that specific trade, if you did, you missed out on the whole 647 move. So, what I'll tell you is, 648 it's always safer, to wait for the 3-minute to close and get inversed. 649 But, if enough gaps, 650 yeah, if enough gaps get inversed before then, 651 then you're fine to take it. And it's also, 652 it's, if it's textbook, Cameron, 653 which I, I know you're getting it, 654 like, you're, you're building up that discretion because of the fact that you pointed 655 that out. You've seen it happen over and over and over again. 656 You know exactly what the model looks like. 657 If you, 658 if it's something that's, looks textbook, and you say to yourself, alright, if I 659 show Alan this trade, win or lose, 660 is, like, can I be proud of that? 661 If the answer is yes, take it. 662 Take it. If it's textbook, take it. 663 But, then again, it is always, 664 like, you're never, you never lose anything. 665 You don't from missing out on one trade. You don't lose anything. You just 666 stay the same. So, 667 it is a risk. It is a risk. But, me personally, 668 I did take that trade, and I didn't wait for the 3 minute just 669 because of how textbook it was. But, it's not a, 670 like, it's not bad if you missed out on it. It's not bad. 671 It's not bad at all. 672 Cause, it, it, it is always safe. It's safer to wait for the highest 673 time frame gap to get inversed. 100%, 674 it's always safer. I was just, 675 I was just feeling myself a little bit that morning, so I took it. 676 And, also, it was just very textbook. But, 677 alright, when it comes to this, guys, why is this candle, 678 actually, I'm gonna do this. We're gonna make it really, 679 really simple. We're gonna do that. Wait, whoa, 680 I did not mean to do that. Are Okay, 681 why is this a rejection block? 682 I wanna ask you guys that. Why is that a rejection block? 683 Put it down to the wick. What 684 makes this, this little guy special? 685 Cause we're not 686 closing below 687 into the fair value gap. Okay, okay, 688 Anybody else? Anybody else? 689 The body is going up while the wick is long at the bottom, showing 690 it was rejected. Exactly, Jaden. 691 Both of you guys got it right. Both of you guys got it right. 692 So, the reason that this is a rejection wick is because we have a 693 really, really long wick. Or just, I'll name it just a significant wick. 694 It's, it's decently long. We have a significant wick that taps into this fair 695 value gap, and then what does it do when it hits it? 696 Boom, rejects back up. It rejects back up. 697 So, what do we do? 698 Oh, it's giving me the glitch again. Okay, 699 but that's why it's a rejection block. So again, 700 before we hop off here, we're gonna talk about the anatomy 701 of a rejection block. It's gonna be rejection wick right here, 702 plus fair value gap. 703 Boom. So, it's gonna be rejection wick plus 704 fair value gap. Super easy. 705 Super easy. Are there moments where it could go down though? 706 Absolutely. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, 707 rejection blocks are not a guarantee. 708 They're just making something happen. 709 Higher likelihood. Right? So, it's never a guarantee. 710 It's just, um, 711 it's raising your chances at, 712 if we tap into this level and you see a setup to go long, 713 it's now a higher probability setup. 714 It's a higher probability setup now. It's just like a, 715 uh, it supports your trade idea whenever it plays out 716 together. Can you do a short scenario? 717 Yeah, of course. Let's look for some rejection blocks on the opposite end. 718 So, to go short, we're gonna go to continue. We've been 719 bullish for a 720 long time, so let me try to find, like, a bearish scenario. 721 Push in the market. Cause typically they happen on bearish pushes. 722 Uhhh. 723 Oh! Found one right here. Or actually. 724 Nah, that's not a rejection block. 725 Let's try to find a better example. 726 Right 727 here's 728 perfect. Okay. I'm gonna delete a lot of this stuff to not confuse 729 you guys. We're just gonna get rid of all of these. 730 Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Can 731 we spot the rejection block on this trade? 732 I want to ask you guys, is it obvious just from looking at this 733 right here? Yes or no? If it's not, 734 it's okay. 735 now, we have multiple gaps, 736 but we have this 15-minute fair value gap right here, 737 right? We have this 15-minute that we're looking at, 738 and then what happens when we trade into the gap? 739 Do we have a rejection wick, or do we close inside the gap? 740 Let me know in the chat. Let me know. Rejection wick. 741 Awesome. Awesome. You guys are getting it. 742 You guys are getting it. So, because we have this pretty big rejection wick, 743 that means we can mark out a rejection block, right? That means we can 744 mark out a rejection block. 745 So now, we have this. 746 We have this 15-minute and this rejection block. 747 Guys, what happens when we tap into it again? 748 Right here. We did break through it on this, 749 on this candle, but the very next, 750 like, indicator of us tapping into it, 751 we tapped into it and then dropped how many points? 752 This is 280 down to 143. 753 So, it's a little bit, it's like 120 points from this peak 754 to this low. So, we dropped 120 points after 755 tapping into that. Wait, 756 can you explain how you marked that start? Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course, of 757 course, of course. So, 758 I'm gonna try to make this as easy as possible. 759 For this 15-minute gap, like we said earlier, 760 guys, when we see a, uh, a decent wick like this, 761 just look to the left, because it's because what do we have on the 762 left? We have a gap. So, the way that I marked the gap from 763 wick to wick, 764 that's the gap right there. And then you just drag it out. 765 It's just wick to wick. Does that make sense, Jaden? 766 It's just wick to wick, drag it to the right. 767 And then, once we have that there, 768 we can go ahead and see this wick, 769 right here, is the only thing we need to create a rejection 770 block. So that's the rejection block. 771 It's because we have a 15 minute gap right here, 772 and the rejection wick. 773 So both of those things combined, is a rejection block. 774 Yeah, 775 if you need help 776 with that, definitely, 777 definitely go to the FairValueGap 778 video in Trading Basics, and just give it a rewatch. 779 Because it's going to make a lot more sense now. 780 But, how do we feel about, 781 about those coaching calls so far? Are we, 782 are we understanding everything? Was it a productive one? 783 Let me know. Beautiful call, 784 feeling better than before? Good, 785 good, that makes me happy. More 786 confident? Okay, awesome, awesome, awesome. 787 What I want to do for now, 788 I'm going to give you guys some homework, okay? 789 After this call, or sometime today, 790 hop on the chart, try to find rejection blocks, 791 mark them out, send a screenshot inside of student tra- 792 or, send a screenshot inside of Covenant questions, 793 and then I or JP, Thank you. We'll tell you whether that is a 794 rejection block, or whether it's not. So, 795 that's your homework for tonight, okay? 796 Go on the chart, try to find rejection blocks, 797 send a screenshot in the questions channel, 798 and just ask us, Hey, Alan. Hey, 799 JP. Is this a rejection block? 800 Did I do it right? And we're going to tell you. 801 But, when you're doing it, stay on the 15-minute time frame, 802 or higher. Okay? That's y'all's homework for tonight, 803 so we can make sure we all get better. So, 804 that being said, I think this was very productive. 805 I, I'm, I'm counting on you guys to send in those screenshots, 806 alright? I'm gonna need to see some of them from y'all. 807 So, we make sure that we have screenshots, alright? So, 808 that being said, beautiful call. 809 I was super glad to go over this with you guys today. 810 Uhm, I hope that this helped every single person, 811 and I will catch you guys in the live trading session tomorrow morning. 812 Make sure you don't miss out. It's gonna be 7, 813 no, 8 AM Central Time. 814 That's okay, Jaden. This call is always recorded, 815 and so is the live trading call tomorrow. 816 It's gonna be recorded, so don't worry. We'll post it. 817 I got you. Alright. 818 I will catch you guys later.
