# Candlestick Basics
Topic: trading-basics
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHkA0yEcJBw

## Transcript
We are going to be going over the trading basics full breakdown just in case some of you guys are starting from zero knowledge of trading just like I did. So the candlestick basics you're going to have a bullish candle and a bearish candle. The only thing that these things mean are these are indicators of where price is going. So let's say price opened down here and this is a dollar and it ended up closing at $2. But during this time frame, it ended up hitting $2.50 at its highest point of it being open, but it ended up actually closing at $2. Each one of these candles represents a time frame. So let's say this green candle represents 60 seconds of price movement. So just one minute. So this opened and now we are at 0 seconds. Let's say we hit the high of $250 sec or $2.50. 50 cents at 30 seconds and then we slowly slowly slowly went down and at the 60-second mark the one minute mark we closed at $2 flat. That is exactly how these candles work. And in the opposite end, the bearish candlestick, it works the exact same way, just going down. So let's say we open up here and then the price goes lower, lower, lower, lower. And let's say we're at 45 seconds out of the 60 when we're down here. And in that last couple seconds before it hits one minute, price went higher, higher, higher and closed here at that 60-second mark. So again, a green candle means price went up. A red candle means price
