# Market Structure Fundamentals
Topic: trading-basics
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLhU9hUC6Zc

## Transcript
So, market structure fundamentals. We're going to be studying a bullish uptrend. And a market is bullish when price is making higher highs and higher lows. This means that the buyers are in control, pushing price upward in waves. This is where we would look for long or buy setups, which I'm going to explain exactly what that is here in the next couple videos. So, this is a bullish uptrend. Like we said earlier, you recognize this by higher highs and higher lows or simply just looking at the overall chart and seeing it go up. But a higher high is simply where we have a high right here, then it goes higher, then it goes higher, then it goes higher. So peaks are going higher and higher as you go up. And they are paired with higher lows going up and up and up each time to match that higher high. So a bearish downtrend when the market is going down is going to be created by lower highs and lower lows. This means that the sellers are the ones dominating and driving the market downward. This is where you would look for short and sell setups. So if we go over here, the bearish version is the same thing just opposite. So we have a high, then we have a lower high, a lower one, and it keeps that trend of going down with the highs. So the same thing for the lows. Here we have a low, then we have a lower low. This one is an even lower low, and it keeps that downtrend the entire time. So consolidation/range, price moves sideways between support and resistance. No clear trend is made and algorithms accumulate or distribute orders here. These are lowquality trading areas and we try to avoid these as much as possible with our strategy. So quick little overview of what a consolidation period looks like. It basically looks like price opens here, moves up, dumps right back down, tries to go lower, but it can't. So it goes up up up up. tries to make a big move to the upside. It doesn't. It gets rejected all the way back down. And now look, look at this. This low is matching the level of this low. So, it's trying to break a new low and it simply cannot. So, it gets rejected back up. And it's kind of like bouncing a pingpong table between two walls. It's just going to keep going side to side to side to side to side because this is acting as a resistance line. So, it literally will not let price push up past this. And this is acting as a support line. It will not let price fall below it. So, consolidation periods don't last forever. So when a breakout of them happens that means a big move in the
