# Fair Value Gaps & Imbalances
Topic: trading-basics
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKf1g4Bigi0

## Transcript
Now we are going to get into fair value gaps which are probably one of the most important things that we need to understand for the strategy to work. So a fair value gap happens when price moves so fast that it does not fully trade through a price range and this is going to create a three pan three candle pattern. Candle A, candle B and candle C. If candle B's body, so the middle one, and wick do not overlap with candle A's wick, it creates an imbalance. So have a demonstration here because I know that probably sounds very confusing. So this is candle A, candle B, and candle C. So the reason we have a gap is because candle A, the entirety of candle A does not touch candle C. So it leaves a gap inside of here. And if we want to visualize this even better, we have the same exact fair value gap but to the downside. So like we see the entirety of this candle A never touches candle C. So it's the same concept just going up and going down. This gap indicates a imbalance in the market. So if it's a gap going up, we have more buyers than sellers. If it's a gap going down, we have more sellers in the market than buyers. This is super important because this is what we are going to use our strategy around. Okay, so the balance is the FVG, the fair value gap. It shows that price moved too fast and left unfilled orders. Fair value gaps also mean algorithms or fill fill val fair value gaps excuse me mean that algorithms will return to fill the imbalance. The fill can act as a high probability entry not for us for other people and fair value gaps show where institutions stepped in aggressively. So things like banks, they make a huge order and it creates a gap in the market. And one thing that we should understand from day one with fair value gaps is that the market likes to create the gap, trade above it if it's bullish, if it's green, and revisit. What I was talking about earlier with the fair value gaps revisiting is exactly what this screen shows. So we create a gap in the market, a fair value gap. we trade below it and we immediately rise back and revisit it. Now, most times it will not happen this quick unless it's a perfect setup, but it'll trend below, trend below, and then revisit the gap 99% of the time. This is the same thing, just opposite. We have a gap here on this green candle. We trade above the
