# Session Liquidity
Topic: liquidity
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMeiHtXCALg

## Transcript
Yo yo yo, what is up everybody? So today we are going a little bit more in depth on liquidity and we're going to talk about the actual types of liquidity and I call this the profitability pillar because your daily bias can be wrong, your strategy can be mid, but if your draws on liquidity are strong, you will be profitable. Now obviously our daily bias on these calls is correct 99% of the time. Our strategy is super strong. So when you pair a strong strategy with strong draws on liquidity, you are going to win the majority of your trades. Okay, that's just basic rule when it comes to liquidity. So the first type of liquidity that we're going to go over are just basic session highs and session lows. So how do I actually figure out where the sessions are? How do I see that on my chart? Well, if you're using Trading View, then you're in luck because all you need to do is click this indicator section and search up ICT Killzones Toolkit by Lux Algo and enable it by clicking it. And so, as you can see here, we got New York PM session marked out. We got New York AM session marked out and London session and Asia. So, the difference between these sessions is literally just the banks that are controlling the market at a certain time. So during New York AM, which is uh 8:30 Central time, 9:30 Eastern time, the American banks are making the price go up and down. During the London session, the banks over there in London are making the the chart go up and down. During the Asian session, the banks in Asia are making the chart go up and down, right? And so that's all it means. It's all the same chart. It's just at different times on the chart, different people are controlling the money, okay? And so you can trade in all these sessions, but when it comes to liquidity, it's stuff like this. So what we want to mark out, what we want to pay attention to are session highs and lows that have not been retested. So what does this mean? If I were to mark out this Asia low right now, this would not be a valid draw on liquidity because of the fact that price already ran through it. Okay, price already reached that level again. But if we look at this London high, this has never been retested again. So eventually price will have to come back to that level. And so that's the type of stuff that we want to be marking out, the stuff that has not been retested yet. So yeah, that's why we mark out session highs and lows because especially off of New York open, um price is going to aim to seek one of those levels. Okay? And so this morning during our AM session, obviously we dumped and we took out this session low. You guys can see that that was on sellside liquidity. So right off of New York open when the market opened at 8:30 central time, my time cuz I'm in Texas, we immediately sought this level and we took out this session low. Okay? And so this happens quite literally every day because the chart needs momentum to move. It needs fuel. Okay? And these liquidity levels are fuel. Imagine like pumping up a car with gas. Okay? The liquidity is the gas. It's the fuel. And the car is the price. Okay? So, the car can't move. The price can't move without liquidity. So, that's why having strong draws on liquidity. And just simply knowing how to market out is going to improve your trading a ton. Okay. So, these are session highs and lows. Obviously, if we look at London, for example, this is a London high and then this down here would be the London low. But obviously, we already we already tapped back into that level. The price has already retraced and gone over that level. So, we don't mark that out. But this is the basics of session highs
