# Swing Highs n Lows
Topic: liquidity
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_iAo1cyCpw

## Transcript
Okay, second type of type of liquidity. Second second type of liquidity is swing highs and swing lows. And now what I mean by swing highs and swing lows is the exact same as a session high or low except it's not in an actual session. So now stay with me. Stay with me. I got an example right here. So as you can see we have an Asia session and a London session. Okay. And in between both of these sessions, we have a low that obviously price has never gone back to. So if I had just woken up, if I'm seeing a brand new chart, pretend the the next candles aren't on the screen and I'm looking at only this. If this is cut off right here, I am definitely marking out this London low and this swing low. Okay? because just because it's not in a session doesn't mean it's not valid, right? So, these are the things that I would mark out. And keep in mind when I am marking out highs and lows, I'm not doing this on the one minute chart. I'm almost always on the 1 hour or the 15minute. Okay? You can also use the 4 hour, but 1 hour is good, 15 minute is good. You always want to mark out these highs and lows or look for them at least on a higher time frame because it's just going to cut out all of that excess junk candles or all of those excess junk candles that are on the one minute because the one minute time frame is very very good for entries. But when you want to look at the grand scheme of things and find out liquidity levels, you always want to zoom out and go to either the one hour time frame, the 4hour time frame, or the 15minute. Okay, that's the only three I ever use for liquidity. And that's the only three you will ever need for liquidity. Okay, so on this time, this screenshot specifically, this swing low, all of these candles are uh or this chart is just the 15-minut time frame. Okay, so we have this London low here that's valid because price has never gone back to it. And we have this swing low here that's also valid because price has never gone back to it. And now this type of liquidity specifically is super important for the next video. And you're But before we get into the next video, I want to show you guys other examples of swing highs and swing lows. Okay? So, as we can see here, we got a chart. This is my actual Trading View chart that I use um pretty often. So, a good way to figure out if a draw on liquidity is valid is simply we have a swing low here in between sessions. We're going to mark it out and then we're going to go to the 1 hour time frame and we're going to see if this is still valid on the 1 hour. So, where did I actually mark that out? I marked it out right here. Okay. So, as you can see, this is still valid because even though it's in between sessions, um it is a swing low. Now, one thing I do want to keep in mind is that the swing low is inside of a fair value gap. Okay? So, this makes it not as strong. So, we can actually go and find a better example because the fact that this is in a fair value gap does not um it makes it kind of weak. Okay. So, let's actually go ahead and go back down to the 15minute. Let's try and find another swing low. Let's actually scroll, scroll, scroll. Most of these liquidity levels are going to be session levels just because, you know, the sessions take up a ton of the market. But this is a perfect example up here. We have a swing high because even though this is not in a session, as we can see, New York AM, New York PM, this is on its own. and we have Asia and London. And then the cycle continues. We have a huge um swing high here that price made. So, it's a higher high that's been untested. Okay? And so, this would be a valid example of um a swing high, right? And so, a swing low is the same thing just on the opposite end. You know, it's on the bottom side rather than the top. Okay? And so this is a valid example of a swing high. If we can, I'll try to find a valid example of a swing low really quick. Actually, boom. Got one literally right here. Um, this is a valid example of a swing low. As we can see, price did eventually go back to it. So, it got retapped. Um, it got retraced. And so, this would be an example of a valid swing low to the downside. So, it'd be a sellside liquidity level. And so, I think that's pretty much it for um swing lows and swing highs that obviously, you know, are outside of sessions. But like I was saying, if we go back to where we were, where were we? We were down here. This type of liquidity right here is going to be very very important for this next video which I am super excited to show you because it's going to give you a really good understanding of high quality liquidity.
