# Engineered Liquidity
Topic: liquidity
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyoEh-zIhzM

## Transcript
Okay. So, third type of liquidity that we want to pay attention to is going to be engineered liquidity versus regular liquidity. Okay. So, both of them can be valid in their own situations, but engineered liquidity is like the highest form of it, right? The the the most valuable form of it. So, when you see it on the chart, take advantage of it. So, let's get right into it. Engineered liquidity is just another word. It's a fancy way of saying high quality liquidity. Okay. And so as you can see on the left we have high quality liquidity and on the right we have regular. So what makes these things different? The reason that one is high quality and one is just regular old liquidity is the way that the candles are set up. Okay? So, you know, if price is going to move this way and then go back down to reach these levels, that is a really thick brush, by the way. Um, that is what we were looking at, right? So, price is going to do its own thing. Let's get the red. Actually, price is going to do its own thing and then eventually we're hoping it comes back down to this liquidity, right? It is much more likely for that to happen with engineered liquidity, aka high quality liquidity with this setup than it is to happen with that setup. Okay? And the reason for that is because well, we'll actually get into that later. Um, but what it looks like on a real chart is exactly this. So, as you can see, I have my liquidity marked out with my white levels. So my white bars right here and right here are marking out my liquidity. And as you can see on the screen, we have liquidity level number one and liquidity level number two. So the reason engineered liquidity is so powerful is because we don't only have one level, we have two levels stacked up on top of each other. Okay? So now price has twice the reason to go to these levels. You can think of it as like gravity. Okay, liquidity can act as gravity. And if you have two levels there, the gravity of a bigger planet, the gravity of two planets is always going to be greater than the gravity compared to one. So whatever is in space is going to be pulled towards two planets more than it's going to be pulled towards just one planet on its own. Right? So if we have two levels of liquidity stacked up against each other or on top of each other, that is always going to pull price more towards it than one simple level would. Okay, so let's get into what this actually looks like with these drawings right here. As you can see, if our liquidity is um set up in a way that shows engineered liquidity, you're going to have two valid levels for price to go back to, for price to be sucked into, okay? Because liquidity acts as gravity, okay? It's always going to be there. It's always price is always going to go towards it um eventually, right? Eventually. And so if you have two levels, that's much much better compared to only having one valid liquidity level. Now I want to go back up here and explain why one has two levels and one has just the one. Okay. So as you can see here price has never retrace. Actually let me put the lines back. Price has never retraced the levels with my candles. Right? So let's actually let's just draw a simple uptrend. Okay? Because if we're creating liquidity, we're most likely going to keep going up like that. And then boom, right here. We're going to keep going up. Okay. Let me move this one to the wick. Perfect. All right. So, price has never retested either of these levels. Okay. And the reason this one is just regular is because boom, this level made a low. And then on the next candle which could be 15 minute, could be one hour, whatever we're looking at, on the next candle we immediately already go lower than that. So we already retrace that level. And that is why even if we have these two lows next to each other, only one of them is now valid because only one of them has never been retraced again. Okay? Or retraced yet. So that is why when we go back down to this example, this marks up or shows up as two levels of liquidity compared to this example where we only really have one valid liquidity level. Now this isn't to say that regular liquidity is bad, but this is only emphasizing the fact that uh engineered liquidity like this is super duper strong. And the reason it's called engineered liquidity is literally because the algorithms in the chart are programmed to go to engineered liquidity. It is engineered that way. It's it's optimized that way. It's built that way. So this type of liquidity, engineered liquidity is super duper strong. Now obviously every single draw on liquidity if it's valid is going to be strong. But this is just a valid draw of on steroids. Okay? Like this is just a extremely strong draw and it just makes for better trades. All right? So the regular ones still valid. It's just more likely that price is going to reach these levels if they are stacked up on top of each other. So that's engineered liquidity
