# LRLR In Depth
Topic: liquidity
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxu3_NWrTpQ

## Transcript
Okay, new liquidity video. Super excited to bring this one to you guys. We are going to go over what is LRLR. All right, so let's write it out. What's know what is LRLR? Okay, this is going to be Let's make it big. Let's make it big. This is going to be low resistance liquidity run. All right, low resistance liquidity run. We're going to go into what this is, why it matters, and how we can actually use this to start winning more trades. Okay? We're going to anchor that right there. Actually, no, I don't like that. We're not going to anchor it. So, what is LRLR? Okay. Ah, bless me. Okay. It is to put it simply trendline liquidity that does not move really, really rapidly. Okay? What do I mean by that? We all know what accumulation is. We all know accumulation doesn't have to be straight sideways. Accumulation can be It can look something like this, you know, like little moves up little moves up tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny moves up. Okay? This can be marked as accumulation. Okay, we all know this, right? What LRLR is is it's a little bit above that. Okay? It's a little step above. So, it's not accumulation, but what it is is that it's generating liquidity to a certain side. Okay? So, in this case, you guys can see basically ever since Asia closed, all the way through London and up to New York AM, what did we do? We're clearly moving up, but we'd have no displacement on the higher time frame, right? If we do get a high displacement candle like this bullish one, it's immediately followed by just chop. Chop. Chop. Chop. Right? So, none of the moves in this move up are big, okay? None of them are really, really significant. For example, we have uh let's use this one right here. We have this move to the upside. Okay? This move to the upside is massive, okay? It's very, very distinct. We have fair value gaps being created, all right? We have more gaps being created. We have gaps getting inverse to then push higher, you know? We are making very, very distinct a low and a higher low and higher highs all throughout, okay? And we're just having very, very distinct moves. You guys can probably see they're a lot bigger, okay? So, one thing, let me actually just go to the one hour and then go back to where we were. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So, one thing Okay, awesome. Let's go back to here. One difference between those two things literally just comes down to Actually, let me actually go to market open. Perfect. All right. It comes down to the displacement as we just went over, okay? So, a low resistance liquidity run, you can just imagine it as price charging up, all right? I I think I've said this before maybe on like a live training or something, but um you know, market open sometimes is like having like a 2-liter Coke bottle, right? If you have that whole thing and you start shaking it up and then you take the lid off, it's going to explode, okay? Low resistance liquidity is the same thing as kind of shaking up that bottle, okay? You're generating liquidity, all right? It's like that big like moment before you sneeze and it's like really big, all right? So, this is just building up pressure in the market for us to run eventually, okay? So, that's why it's called a low resistance liquidity run. And again, that first part, low resistance, it's because if we do start moving in this in this way, we have no fair value gaps to kind of push us up, right? The reason it's low resistance is cuz you can you can envision this as sort of like a defenseless move to the upside, right? There's nothing on this chart right here from Asia close all the way up to a New York AM that is going to reject price back up. Okay? We have a tiny tiny rejection block or order block, whatever you want to call it, right here, but even this Let's see if it Wait, did it even tap? I believe I believe it did, yeah. Barely tapped. I wouldn't even call this a real rejection block right here, but we have like no resistance in this leg for us to, you know, bounce higher off of. Compared to obviously um in this leg, we have two major fair value gaps that price could have rejected off, right? And as we can actually see here, price did reject for 30 minutes before moving lower. So, that's why it's called low resistance, okay? So, going into today's trades or what we ended up taking, we ended up taking a short all the way down to this London low, all right? And we just targeted all Let me just delete this, actually. We targeted all of this low resistance liquidity. All right, so, we're going to we're going to see how the market actually reacts to this being generated, okay? We're just going to kind of do We'll We'll do this on the 1-minute. We'll do this on the 1-minute. Just so you guys can really really see. So, as you guys can see, this is what it would look like on the 1-minute. It's a little hectic cuz I have to zoom out a lot, but target is London low, obviously. So, we're going to wait to see what market does off of open. Let's see what it does. Okay, we're manipulating lower. Boom boom boom, we deliver higher. We deliver even higher. Okay, and then at the top of this push, obviously, we get some big displacement right here, and we see that market is inversing. All right? So, if you were to take that right here, your target would quite literally be 200 points. Your target would quite literally be 200 points, but we're just going to see how this plays out, how market actually reacts to low resistance liquidity, and we're just going to allow the market to let us know how it's going to react. So, boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom Boom. Perfect. Literally in one session. All right? In one session. So, for days like today, where you actually do have that build up of low resistance liquidity, easiest draw. Easiest draw on liquidity. Um and yeah, it's going to take it out more likely than not. So, that is why low resistance liquidity is important, and another thing that I want you guys to notice is that it's a super clean move to the downside. Kind of like what I said, we didn't really have any retracement even back to the fair value gap in the leg. Like we really didn't. All right? It was very low resistance, clean delivery. Okay? So, this was a trade that was handed to us on a silver platter today. All right? And so, this little video is just kind of teach you guys what is low resistance liquidity, what does Alan mean when he says when he says that on the live trading, and how do I actually use this to my advantage? Another thing, as you guys can see on the 15-minute, guys, look how big these this displacement is in these two candles right here. Look how huge these candles are compared to these other little 15-minute ones. That's how you can kind of tell if it's low resistance liquidity, because the candles are supposed to be small whenever it's LRLR, okay? And they definitely are. And then right when market opened, boom, we just took all of that liquidity. So, hopefully you guys can understand what LR LR is. Hopefully you guys are going to be able to recognize that on the live calls when I mention that. Um and I really do truly hope that this helps you guys out. Um this is pretty much the basics of LR LR. It's really a simple concept. You don't really need much more explanation than that. But, with this being said, I hope this &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I choked up right there. With this being said, I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I hope it teaches you guys a lot, and I hope that you guys start to include this in your trading days whenever you actually see it get generated.
