# Trend Line vs Range
Topic: market-movement
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwiMQEnxerk

## Transcript
Okay, so today we're going to get into what makes the difference between a actual trend line and just a range. Okay, so right now we're looking at NASDAQ. It's currently the 27th of January. We're on the 1h hour time frame. And so we're going to go ahead and just look at this chart and we're going to establish a trend line because there is a clear trend line here. So what we can do, we're going to get our line tool. We're going to start here and then we're going to drag it to the very top of where price is currently at. As you can see, the reason that this is a trend line and it's a bullish trend is because of the fact that we have a low right here. Then we have a higher low and they just keep getting higher and higher and higher. Okay? And so that is the reason why this is a bullish trend because what's paired with these higher lows also higher highs. So we see one right here. We beat it out with the high right here and we have a higher high, a higher peak and right now we're peaking around there. So that is why this is a bullish trend. But we also can have ranges inside of a trend. And what do I mean by that? This right here, let's take this trend line away. If you were to just look at this price level right here, this is a range. And why is this a range is because it literally just trades sideways. Okay? So, it's not going up. It's not going down. We're literally just trading sideways. As you can see on this, we're not going up. We're not going down. Literally, just sideways. And so, this right here is what we call either a range or consolidation. when the market is just staying at around the same price level, just hovering up and down, and it doesn't really make a break to the upside until we get this one hour closure up here. And this forms kind of a peak and then obviously we traded back down and then we just went right back up. And what you can see about this range is that we wicked out the bottom of it, price rejected back up and continued pushing. So, as you can see, we traded sideways. We wicked the bottom, rejected, and just kept going up, and it continues this trend the entire way up so far. So, that is the difference between a actual trend line like we see here and just a regular old range cuz this right here is a very, very nice trend line. Boom. So, this is the current trend because of this wick down here. So that's the difference again between a trend line and a range slashconsolidation.
