# Break Of Structure (FULL BREAKDOWN)
Topic: market-movement
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53FDtrs_WP8

## Transcript
Okay, guys. So, today we're going to get into what is a breakup structure, how do I find it on a chart, and why does it even matter in the first place? So, quick, real quickly, let's go over the three types of price movement that you're going to see on a chart. The very first one, super easy to spot, is an uptrend. Okay, the second one is going to be a downtrend. The third one is just consolidation or range. We typically stay away from this price movement altogether. So, let's go ahead and focus on uptrend and downtrend. So, one thing I want you guys to notice is that what makes an uptrend an uptrend. That's what we're going to focus on right now. So, we have a high right here. Then, it's paired with a higher high right after it. And so, we have two highs that are consistently going higher that are also paired with something else. So, we have a low right here, a higher low, and then an even higher low. So that is how we know that this trend is going up. Okay. So now that we know that, now that we know why it's it's going up, now we can get into how to spot a break of structure or change of character if you want to call it on the chart. So what a break of structure is is literally the the definition is in the name of what it's called. So we have a structure trend right here. A structure being bullish. So, we have a bullish structure right here. So, what do you think we would need to do in order to break that? We'd have to go bearish. Okay. And so, what this looks like is you're going up. You have a high uh a low right here. You have a higher high. You have a higher low. And you have a higher high right here. The only thing that would need to happen in order to break this structure is boom, right there. What did we just do? I want you guys to notice this. We're going to change our line color to purple right here to signify the break of structure. So, what just happened? We made a lower low compared to the previous low. And so, why this is important is because typically this is how the chart is going to react. Once you make a lower low, you're going to fail to make a higher high and then you're going to continue down with this trend. So, this is what this would look like. typically. So that is why a break of structure is so important because as you can see we broke structure right here. We failed to make a higher high and then we continue down. Now let's go see how we see this on or identify this on a bearish trend. Okay. So as you can see we have our starting point right here. We make a low, we make a high, then we make a lower low and a lower high. So you guys can probably already guess what it what it needs in order for it to break this bearish structure. We just need it to turn bullish. So what that would look like is that right there. So this is all it takes to break structure on a bearish downtrend. Now we're going to mark out this. Let's do red this time so it's a little easier to see. So this red line is what signifies the breakup structure here. And why is that? It's because we made a higher high instead of a lower one. So, as you can see, we have a high, lower high, lower high. Boom. We do not make a lower high. We make a higher one. So, the fact that this closed above this previous lower high is what constitutes a break of structure. And I don't want you guys to get this all confused in your head or make it more complicated than it is. What a break of structure literally means is that we're going down and then we start going up. That that's literally all it means. This line is a little wonky, but it is that simple. So again, what this would look like if we were to continue this would just be boom. Let's change that to yellow. And then boom. So this is literally what this looks like on an actual chart. We're going bearish. we break structure here and then we start going bullish. So now that we know that, let's look at an example with real candles. Okay, so given what I just showed you guys with what a breakup structure is, I want you guys to pause and just see if we can focus and figure out where the breakup structure is on this chart right here on this downtrend. So we have a bunch of downlosed candles. So, we're obviously moving lower and we're on the five minute time frame, but I want you guys to pause and just take a wild guess of where the breakup structure happens on this downtrend here in the London session on NASDAQ. Okay, hopefully you guys had enough time. So, what a breakup structure is first of all, so let me just draw out this chart. So, we're obviously in a downtrend right here. We've been going bearish and then what do we see happen right around this level? We have a candle close above this level right here. I'll just bring it out to all the way over here, I guess. So, this purple line right here would be our breakup structure because instead of continuing this bearish trend, this candle actually closed above this down close candle and then obviously we start going up and up and up and up. So, if we just draw this out with our beautiful brush tool right here, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And then we just continue going up. So, like we marked out on the actual candles, this right here, wait, whoops. This right here would be our breakup structure. So this little move right here where we closed above this previous uh down close candle would be the breakup structure. So if we want we can go ahead and type that out on the actual chart. Okay. So we'll just name this BOS break of structure. That's perfect. And then over here this is the exact same thing. This is also a break of structure that we're seeing on this chart right here. So hopefully you guys can see this for yourself and you're not confused at all because again we have a downtrend but then this candle closes above. So obviously we're not continuing that downtrend because we can see the rest of the chart. But even if we go up here it matches the exact same thing. We got a downtrend candle closure down here and then we close all the way above it. One more quick example for you guys because I want to make sure that we get this. Okay. So, as we can see right here, this market is in a downtrend, right? So, we're going down. This is the structure of the market. Let me draw that out a little better real quick. So, we're actually trailing. Boom. Boom. Boom. This is the structure of the market. We're going down. Okay. So, what I want you guys to notice with this is that we have obviously a peak here, then a lower high, lower high, lower high. Kind of get it equal, but I want to say that's also a lower high right there. And what is that paired with lows that go lower and lower and lower and ultimately lower, right? Okay. So now that we know that we are in a downtrend in this little section, how do we know if we have a breakup structure? I want you guys to think about this so so simply and do not over complicate it. If we're going down, all a breakup structure means is that we're no longer going down. Now we're going up. Okay? So it it's quite literally that simple. Please do not over complicate it for yourself. A break of structure if the structure is going down means that the down structure is broken and now we are going up. So that's literally all it means. So let's identify that on this chart right here. So we're going down, we're going down, we're going down, we're going down. And then right here we have a down close candle. Boom. Right there. This is the down close candle. And what do we see happen off of here? we get a candle closure above this. Okay? And so this will confirm our breakup structure. And again, it's it does not have to be complicated. The only reason that this is a breakup structure is because instead of going down, now we're going up. Okay? So, it's literally that simple. It's in the name. This is just a visual to help you guys identify these on your own. I want you guys to see here is that we are clearly in a uh bullish trend right here. Okay, so we're going up very very clearly. We're making lows kind of with these down close candles throughout the trend, but very very bullish. Now, let's go ahead and mark out the things that we need to This is where we started. And as you can see, we have a higher low literally right there. Then we have a higher low right here because again, down close candle's red. That's a low. And we make an even higher low right here. And then what do we do up here? Even higher low. So what would constitute I'm gonna pause really quick. What would constitute a break of structure on this uptrend right now? If we're making higher lows and that's what makes an uptrend, what would we need to see in order for this to be a breakup structure? Give you guys a little bit of time. Boom. It's right here, a lower low. So, this red down close candle that closed under this one is what constitutes a breakup structure. And you could even go as far as to say that because it closed uh below this one, it's a breakup structure. So you could mark out your breakup structure literally in two candles. Or you could mark it out right here. So we'll use this wick. Boom. We'll turn this candle purple. So as you guys can see, let's go ahead and zoom in on this. This is what constituted our breakup structure. And the reason again is because we were consistently making higher lows. And we have one right here. We even have one right here as well. But this candle right here closed below our previous low. So that is what a breakup structure looks like on an actual chart. And again, I do not want you guys to get really really confused or over complicate this in your head. All a break of structure means is that we're going one way and then we start going the opposite. So in our candle uh example, we were going uh bullish, we were going up and then we slowly start to trickle down because of this breakup structure. And as you can see, we continue that trend all the way down. And the reason these are important is because it is the first signs of an inversion on the chart. So as you can see we had a break of structure. We went lower for a bit. Even if we go higher, we still absolutely dumped moving forward from here. So that is the first sign of an inversal. And that is why breaks of structure are super important to just be able to spot on the screen. I know it might look a little confusing right now as a beginner, but again, the main fundamentals you need to know that constitute this are just we're making lower highs and lower lows if we're bearish. And then we start breaking those rules. So again, for bullish, we're making higher highs and higher lows. And the only thing that would constitute a breakup structure is we break that rule and we make a lower low. Okay, now we're getting into why this even matters in the first place. Okay, so this is actually a chart I'm 99% sure from today. Yeah, this is from today. So, what do we have here? We have a little peak over here. And then how is how is the market moving off of this peak? If we just draw the line, it's it's pretty bearish, right? So, we're moving down. Okay, here. Let me let me actually redraw that line because I don't want to I don't want to confuse you guys. That might be a little confusing. So, let's just redraw that a little cleaner. So, pretty much that's what we're doing with the market. Okay, just downtrend. All right. And now the breakup structure here from this downtrend is pretty much going to be literally right here. So, where am I t where am I marking my breakup structure? The last down close candle in this bearish down uh downtrend the wick of it. So the very top of the down candle that was closed last, right? And so why did we mark a breakup structure there? Because this green candle, this bullish candle closed above it. That's all the confirmation that we need for a breakup structure to be marked out. So we know, okay, it was going down, now it's going up. And why is this important? Well, because for example, if you were to take this trade, which we're in this example, we're not using any other confirmations, but obviously on the actual charts, you would use other ones. Um, but yeah, if you were to take this trade, let's let's pretend that off this breakup structure, we wait for that candle to close and then we catch I don't know what how much this would be. Let's see. We put our stop, let's say right here. We would have caught 84 points on that long. Okay. So, that is why these things are important to be able to recognize. Obviously, you never want to use this as your only confluence. You're going to be pairing this pairing this with other confluences. But breaking of structures is important just to know where the market is going to move, right? Because if we break structure, more than likely we have two options. We're either going to consolidate, which again that just means move sideways, or if we're breaking a structure on a bearish downtrend, that means we're going to go up, right? So, we have two options when it comes to that 99% of the time. And this is just super good to be able to
