# Strong displacement candles
Topic: market-movement
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJ1ZimqtEpk

## Transcript
All right, what's up everybody? Today we are going to go over just a little bit more in-depth on specific candle structures and what they really mean, right? And so let's just get right into it. The number one candle you're going to want to look for and which is most important for our covenant model is a candle with really really strong displacement. So what do I mean by this? We're going to identify some here on the chart right now. What I can do is we're going to turn this off and we're going to go ahead and look at this opening range from today's New York open. So something with strong displacement is simply going to be a candle with huge movement to either side. This could be a huge movement up or huge movement down. So as you could see this little uptrend of candles right here, all of these candles have decent displacement to the upside. The biggest ones are going to be here and obviously this one at the top. So a candle with huge displacement is typically followed with candles that follow that trend. So for example, we have a pretty nice displacing candle right here and then what does that come with? That comes with an entire downtrend. Same thing with how this big candle of displacement started this huge uptrend same way going back down. So what does this mean for the covenant model? What does this mean for how to enter trades, how to stay out of bad ones? Whenever you want to see an inversion you always want the the inverse candle to have really really good displacement in comparison to the gap. What do I mean by this? As you can see here we have a 1-minute gap and what did this candle do? It displaced way over the gap, right? So let's say if this candle inverse like barely over it right there counts but it's not as strong as when the candle displaces with heavy movement either to the upside or to the downside. So, hopefully we got that out the way. We know what a strong displacing candle is, how it affects our entries, and where that or what that means for the actual market's movement. All right, displacement can't heavy displacement candles are going to determine where the market goes as long as you know, you're using other confluences to come to that
