# The Psychology Nobody Talks About
Topic: mindset
Source: https://youtu.be/rN7nbBRQWoE

## Transcript
There's something nobody talks about in trading, and it's the reason most people end up losing their profits from the initial session. Winning trades are not neutral. They literally alter your brain chemistry and give you a fat hit of dopamine every time you take them. So, when you win, your dopamine spikes and it goes crazy. And don't get me wrong, dopamine feels good, but it also clouds your judgment heavily. And that's exactly when traders stop following their rules and they start following their feelings. You could tell yourself that, "Oh, I'm locked in. I'm seeing the markets clearer than ever. Let me just take one more trade. But that last sentence is the exact reason why 99% of people that are trading on their own that don't have this type of guidance will never be profitable. And that thought process has blown way more accounts than any singular bad trade ever has. And I'm saying all this because some of the worst losses I've ever seen, not even just in my community, but in trading in general, happen after the cleanest wins. And it makes no sense why you would overrisisk your accounts in this way. So hopefully by the end of this module, you guys will understand what risk management is, why it matters, and when to hop off the charts. Because professional traders understand this risk, and they don't stop and hop off the charts because they're scared. They stop because they know that discipline is the key to becoming a profitable trader. Your goal isn't to feed your ego and to chase these big flashy winds. It's simply to stay obedient. Stay disciplined and be a good steward of the blessings that God has given you. And let me tell you, the quickest way to ruin a blessing is by getting greedy. So, we try to focus a ton on discipline inside of this
