# Green Means Stop
Topic: mindset
Source: https://youtu.be/E_rcE78CpRo

## Transcript
This right here is one of the hardest mindset shifts for traders. Green does not mean go. Green means stop. Most blown accounts do not start in the red. They start green with traders trying to take a good day and turn it into a great one. And professionals do not get greedy in the market. They take what the market will give them. The market doesn't pay for overtime. So, you're doing yourself no favors by staying on for long hours at a time. When your daily goal is hit, the day is complete and finished. Not because there aren't more opportunities, but because we are not trying to feed our ego in any way or get greedy on the market because that is the number one way to blow your account. That's the quickest way to blow your account. And the real edge here on the market is our discipline. How you see yourself is going to determine how you trade. If you see yourself as just a trader, then you're going to crave action on the charts. But if you see yourself as a risk manager, you're going to protect your capital. Your job is not to trade all day. Your job is to survive in the charts long enough so you can compound these wins over time. And the truth is the best traders get paid over the trades that they don't take. So the main motto that we always say in this community is that missing out on money for a possible setup, a possible opportunity is always going to be so much better than losing actual money. So again, our motto is missing out on money is always better than losing money. So, if you're green on the day or if the setup isn't A1, do not take
