# Alpha Futures Set Up
Topic: prop-firms
Source: https://youtu.be/XXP3DJQ4buU

## Transcript
Okay, what's up everybody? Today we are going to get into how to set up your Alpha Futures account. So, the very first thing that you're going to want to do if you're new to Alpha Futures is just press sign up. You'll go through the whole prompt and it'll get you signed up. You'll have a login. So, then you're probably going to have to go back to this screen once you are signed up and you fill out all the information and just press login. So, once you are logged in, this is pretty much the screen you're going to see. You're going to open up to the dashboard. Okay? And what I want you guys to do is we're going to get your first 50K funded. So, we're going to press start a new challenge. I always recommend the zero plan because there's no activation fee with this and the payouts are weekly. So, this is a very, very good plan. You get a lot of bang for your buck with this one. I'm not going to lie. So, we're going to go ahead and press get started. So, once we're on this screen, we're going to choose zero plan. We're going to make sure it's on 50K and you're going to press trade of prop for your trading platform. When you go over to the coupon code, you'll just type code Allen. It saves you the max amount that you can at any given time. You'll press apply code and then you'll just fill out your billing information, pay for the account, obviously. And then you'll get prompted over to your dashboard again. And this is where you can see all your accounts. Right now, I currently have three as you can see. And right here, you're going to want to press launch trade/ninja. So, for me, I'm pretty sure, no, I'm not signed in yet. So, this is perfect. What you guys are going to want to do is use your username and password that you used for Alpha. And if that doesn't work, all you have to do is press need help and then forgot password. Okay? And then when when that happens, you'll just get an email to reset your password. You'll choose one and then that will be your login from here on out. So, I'm going to go ahead and press login on Tradeivate. Once you're on this screen, you just press access simulation. Very, very simple. And then this will pop up. Now, don't worry. I know this looks super confusing. This is not actually what we're using to trade. This is just Trade of Trading View. So, once we're on this, I want you guys to go to settings, go to add-ons, and right here where you see Trading View, it should say included with Trade of Prop. If it doesn't and you have a button like enable, you're just going to click that. But ideally, it'll already be included. So now what I want you guys to do is go to let's go to trading view right now. I want you guys to create an account with Trading View. So somewhere in this top right, there'll be a sign up button or sign in. You'll just create your first Trading View account. And then once you have that done, I want you guys to just hop on any futures chart right here on um on Trading View. You'll hop on any futures chart. Right now, you can see we're on gold. And once you're here, I want you guys to click trading panel here at the bottom. It should be there for everyone. You click that. You're gonna find Trade of You're going to click Trade of You're going to go to demo. And then you're simply going to type in your username and your password. And then once you press this connect button, your Alpha Futures account will be fully synced up with Trading View. So, all you have to do moving forward is just sign into Trading View and you can copy your trades from here and it'll match on Alpha Futures.
