# ProjectX Panel Set Up
Topic: prop-firms
Source: https://youtu.be/AO4UzDP0Gvw

## Transcript
Before we get into the video, this tutorial is going to be how to set up your trading account through Project X. Okay? And this platform is the one that I started on. It's a pretty decent platform, but full disclosure, Alpha Futures is no longer supporting this. Only Topstep is. So, if you want to use Project X, you're going to have to get a Topstep account. This video is going to show you exactly how to set up a Project Xf funded account and it's going to show you exactly how to maneuver through the Project X platform. So again, if you want to use Project X, simply open up a Topstep account and you can use this exact video to help you get set up over on Topstep. This screen right here is Project X. So this is going to be helpful if you're using Topstep because Alpha no longer supports this platform. So, I'm going to run through the top X setup and then I'm going to do the trade of A1. So, for top or for project X, I should say, you're going to have a bunch of stuff on your screen. What I want you to exit out of is the DOM panel. That's going to be somewhere on the right side. And then also the time and sales panel. That's going to be I think near the bottom of this. Once you exit the DOM panel and the time of sales and you have that off your screen, you should have the bottom set to trades and then your order panel should be here on the right side. It should look pretty much exactly like mine. Might be a little different sizing wise, but that's not too big of a deal. And I'm going to take you guys through what all of this information actually means. So, very first thing I should say, time frame. These are going to be your time frames. Okay, so right now we're on the 1 minute and what that means is that each one of these candles is equivalent to 60 seconds of price action. So 1 minute of price action. If we go to the 15minut time frame, now each one of these candles is 15 minutes worth of price action and so on and so forth. We got the 1 hour, the 4 hour. That's what those mean. And typically we're only going to use the higher time frames to confirm entries. um confirm gaps, stuff like that. You're mainly going to be sticking with the one minute because that's how we trade. So, apart from this, let's go over the order panel because this is very, very important. So, this right here, this dropown menu, this is how you decide what pair you are trading. Okay? And typically, it doesn't mine doesn't change automatically. So, you're going to select NASDAQ um because that's what we trade. That's the pair we trade uh most often. But for the chart, you want to make sure that this matches the contract. Okay? For some people, it matches automatically, but for me, it doesn't. So, I always have to make sure that my chart is set to NQ when my contract is set to NQ. Okay? All that means is that the chart we're looking at matches the orders that we're making. Okay? So, we're just looking at NASDAQ and we're placing orders on NASDAQ. Very very simple.
