# Market Orders & Stop Buys & Sells (Part 2)
Topic: prop-firms
Source: https://youtu.be/OHEdqEI-nAc

## Transcript
So now these buttons are going to be what we use typically for um our after the open method. So after New York open um whenever we're trading breakouts whenever we're trading off of FGS ifgs uh imbalances in the market we're going to be using these. And what this means is that when you press this button you are going to get entered in a long. Okay? And what that means is that when you press this button, you make money if the market goes up, right? And so this is just a very basic explanation. I know a lot of you guys probably already know this stuff. This is just for people that are coming in with zero knowledge, right? And so when you press the sell button, that means you're going to get entered in a short. So that means you make money if the market goes bearish and goes down. So that's all these buttons mean. That's how you actually enter a trade with these two right here uh manually. But another thing I have to teach you guys is buy and sell orders because that's also very very important. So what is a buy stop and a sell stop? Let's go over that really quick. A buy stop or a stop buy I should say is a level right now it's 25,690. So it's literally right here. If I click stop by one at 25,690, what we are telling our broker or our platform is that when price hits this level, if this candle bumps up and price hits this level, I'm telling the computer, right when that happens, enter me in a long. Okay, so that's what that means. Right when it hits this level, we're going to enter in a trade going up. Now, you can probably imagine that a a stop cell is the exact same thing, but going the other way, right? And so, I'm going to teach you guys how to do both of these right now. So, a stop sell, let's just pretend we're putting one right here. Same thing at 25,672. That's the price we want to get our stop sell at. So, let's go ahead and drag our line down there. 25,672. Now we are telling the market that if price hits this level, I want to get entered in a short. I'm I'm betting that the market's going to go down. That is what a buy stop and a sell stop is. And one really cool thing that I should mention about these buy and sell stops is that you can change the contract size directly on here, right? And so your contract number over here is not going to affect your buy stops and your sell stops. The stop by one, stop by two, stop by three. The only difference in these three options or all of these options are the contract size. So when it says stop by one, that means you are using one contract on that trade. When it says stop by two and three, that means you're either going to use two or three contracts on that trade. So very self-explanatory, but it can be confusing to beginners. So, I suggest that all of you guys take notes on this stuff. If you're brand new, make sure you have a good understanding of what this all means. So then we can go into these trading days very very confidently.
