# What Is Contract Sizing
Topic: prop-firms
Source: https://youtu.be/Q8eFg0F6-zk

## Transcript
So the next thing that we're going to look at is number of contracts. I want you guys to to imagine your contract size as your risk size. Okay? So that means let's say we place a trade here and we win 10 points on the NASDAQ. So let me just mark that out real quick with the line tool. So let's say let's put this at 8 n. So let's say we win 10 points on NAS. We took a long here and we won 10 points, right? And so what this means or what this means for a number of contracts is hypothetically, okay, let's say these numbers are not going to be 100% accurate. This is just a demonstration. Let's say this trade was worth $100 on NASDAQ, right? So 10 points is worth $100 with one contract. If we were to take this same trade with three contracts. So if I change this one to a three. Whoops. I got to use the arrows. If I change this one to a three. Now this same trade is worth $300 if we win it with 10 points on NAS. Okay. Same thing goes for the negative though. If you're trading on one contract, let's say this stop is worth I'm just going to throw out a number, right? 20 bucks. Not accurate. I'm throwing out a number. 20 bucks. If we up the contracts, this stop-loss and this negative draw down is now worth probably 60 bucks now. So, we just tripled our wins and our losses, right, with contract size. So, all that means is that the points on the right side when they go up or down, they're worth more the more contracts you use. Okay? So it's bigger risk, bigger reward.
