# How To Change Risk Settings
Topic: prop-firms
Source: https://youtu.be/x4MLDK_yXbk

## Transcript
One thing I will show you guys though is your risk settings. So, this is going to be super duper important for our morning strategy at the New York Times session. So, you're going to find um a lot more information on this in the risk management module, but I'm just going to show you guys I'm just going to show you guys how to set up your risk settings. Just the basics. So, typically we'll be running one to two risk-to-reward trades. And what that means is that if we're in a trade and it's one to two risk-to-reward, let's say we're targeting $100 of profit for our TP, take profit. That means we're only going to risk $50 of stop-loss in these trades. Okay? And so, let's just do that. Let's say we're targeting $100 and we only want to risk $50. This isn't realistic. This is very small. This is just for the demonstration. Now, when we enter a trade, what we're what we're basically saying is that any trade we enter, we're only going to risk 50 bucks and we're trying to make a hundred. So, it'll automatically set your stop-loss and your takerit. Now, we don't always use the preset risk settings, but they are very useful to know how to use. So, that's why I'm including them in this video. But again, you'll see a lot more explanation on risk settings, risk management, contract sizing in the actual module for risk management. This is just a very brief overview. And yeah, that should be everything you guys need to know to be set up on Project
