# Final Set Up Recap
Topic: prop-firms
Source: https://youtu.be/xjY8viKEVLA

## Transcript
But again, little recap. Okay, we want to get rid of the DOM panel, the uh what is the time and sales panel. We're going to get rid of those two. All we need is this order panel right here, our chart, and then these panels down here, which are automatically open. So, buy and sell. This button will put you in a long off of whatever price is at the current moment. This button will put you in a sell off of whatever price is at the current moment. And the buy stops. This is telling the computer, I want to enter along when price hits the level of 25,684. And you can see all the levels on the right right here. You can also hover and get exact levels. Beautiful. Now, the difference between these buttons is the contract size. Obviously, stop by one is going to be the least risky. The more you go up in contracts, which on a 50k account, the max is three, that's whenever you're going to up your risk and your trades become bigger, but they also become riskier. Okay? Same thing for stop sell. Stop sell one at whatever price we want, which you have to hover and choose one manually. And so again, only difference between these is contract size. Everything else is the same as you can see, same price level. Let me see if I missed out on anything. Um, let's go over tools real quick. Let's go over tools. So, the main tools that you are going to need are going to be obviously trend line just so you can make lines on the chart. Very, very useful. We're always going to use those. Next one is horizontal line. This horizontal line also very useful at times. And then the next one is going to be a long position and a short position. These are not real orders, okay? Just because I have this on my chart doesn't mean I'm losing money. It doesn't mean I'm gaining money. These are just simulations. They're drawings on your chart, if you will. And these are just going to show you what were to happen if maybe I did take a long on that trade. So, you could just put this and be like, okay, I would have lost. Okay, I would have won. So on and so forth. The rectangle tool, this is how we're going to mark out fair value gaps and important key levels on our chart. So, one thing that you should do is when you have a fair value or not fair value, when you have a rectangle on your screen is just to include a midline. Midlines are dope. They give you a ton of information. So, double click your rectangle and then check off this midline box. And this is really all you need. And so now, every time you place a rectangle, you're going to have that midline. Very, very important to have in most situations. And yeah, now you guys should be set up with your tools. Your trading panel should look pretty similar to mine. You know everything about what you need to know. The the buy stops, the sell stops, the regular buy and sell buttons, what a contract is, how to do your uh contract sizing differently. Pretty much all you need to
