# Using Pre-Market Conditions for Trading Bias
Topic: mastery-suite
Source: https://www.loom.com/share/95d0d6b0bcb949bb85622737ad4921df

## Transcript
Okay, so Nicholas, you asked a very, very important question. How do you establish, uhm, a daily bias, but even further than that, how do you know what to expect in the market, even without a daily, a daily bias? So, what I'm gonna do here is I'm gonna basically just walk you through exactly what I was looking at today on the charts, and how I, uhm, how I kinda look at the market during pre-market. So as you guys can see right here, London Sessions over here, we got Asia over here. This is obviously right before market opens for New York AM. So on the one minute off rip, you can't really tell much that's going on. So what I always do, I love to start, obviously, on the four hour, gain a lot of market context, just mark out my levels, and then the thing that's really, really important, uhm, for just pre-market analysis is gonna be the 15 minute. So as you guys can see, obviously, we have, uhm, actually, let me check. Is this pre-market? yeah yeah obviously we have the one hour gap right here we were delivering from a four hour right now and we actually put in a four hour rejection block right here and then at the same time. We put in a one hour rejection block up here, but the main thing I want to focus on for you, Nicholas, is the 15 minute. This is gonna give us all of the pre-market context that we need to know. Okay, so whenever I sent out that announcement today of, alright, this is ideally what I want to see happen, uhm, we had not seen this bar yet. So I'm gonna cut that out of the frame. So this is what we're looking at. Okay, this is what we're looking at. Obviously, coming out of London, pretty bullish. All right, coming out of London, we're pretty bullish, but then we see this big rejection wick inside of that rejection block. So a normal person or maybe a little bit of a inexperienced trader would look at this and maybe be a little bit lost. Okay, maybe be a little bit lost, but what I'm seeing on this is that we swept this Asia high, so we're probably going to use that liquidity sweep to push lower before we end up pushing higher. So ideally, what I wanted to see in this morning was something around the lines of this, where we tap into that 15 minute and then go higher, or even beyond that, tap into the one hour, because these are the two closest levels of resistance. Okay, and then over here, as you can see, this was 132 points. So this was going to be like a 130 point manipulation if we got that, and then obviously a little bit less if we got it from the 15. But one thing that's super important, Nicholas, which is going to be very, very easy for you to establish, you know, conditions in the market during pre-market, and it's going to be super helpful for everybody watching, you don't have to know where the market's going every morning. You don't have to know exactly what gap it's tapping into. You don't have to know, okay, it's like 100,000% going to go bullish or bearish, all you have to do is create conditional statements in your head about where market's going to go. So, we can confidently say, all right, if the price respects this 15 minute, we know for a fact we're going to go higher, okay? And then when we go higher, what draws on liquidity do we have? Well, we can either use this rejection block to take our TP or this buy side level, okay? So, if price respects this 15 minute gap, we know 1000%, we're going to tap into this rejection block at the very least, okay? Does that make sense? And then on the flip side, on the flip side, let's say, let's say off open we manipulate higher. Let's say off open we manipulate higher, we tap into this rejection block. We know 1000% we're going to hit this unfilled one hour if we smack that button. At rejection block and displace lower, okay? So, whether we're bullish or bearish, we have a great idea, but one thing I want you to focus on for this specifically, Nicholas, is let's just look at this 15 minute, right? The only conditions I had going into this market was literally just to see how the market reacted to this 15 minute, and what I came to the conclusion was obviously if we respect it, we'll push higher, but I also sent in the chat, if we disrespect close lower, maybe tap into the one hour, I do expect us to see some pullback before we eventually push lower and hit sell side. So, something where we tapped into the one hour and disrespected this 15 minute would have looked like this. So, the only thing that's running through my head, Nicholas, in the morning is what happens if we respect this versus what happens if we disrespect. Oh, that makes sense. And it's just like you're just playing scenarios in your head. If we go up, what are we most likely going to tap into and displace off of? Yes, and then what our targets are. Okay, exactly. And so but for a morning like this It makes it way easier Nicholas because we know for a fact market open is probably the one that's hit this like way more likely than hitting this rejection block up here. So, this makes it really easy for us because we can just set our conditions with, okay, if we respect this gap, then X happens, but if we disrespect it, then Y happens. Oh, and do you have like a normal like bias in the day and say like, okay, I'm only taking like longs or shorts, or are you just looking for whatever the market gives you in a sense? Okay, I don't know if they can hear you, so I'm just going to repeat that. Nicholas just asked, do I come into every day with a standard set bias or do I kind of just play off of what market gives me? And I love that question because absolutely, there will be days where I lean more bullish than bearish, but I never invalidate one option, and I never just zone in on one option. The great thing about the way we trade with the Covenant model is that we never try to predict the market, we simply just play off of what it gives us, right? And so same thing when it comes to bias, I never have a super set. I'm not taking shorts today. I'm only taking longs. I just play off of what the market gives me and how price is reacting to my key. All right, because somebody else can have a super set bias and it crushes for them. That'll work. And in the same way, if we focus on our key levels, our strategy plays out. So it's, it's more so about just being aware of what the market is doing and, you know, why it's doing that. So like tapping into gaps, getting rejection blocks, sweeping liquidity, uhm, stuff like that. Oh well. And for the rejection blocks, I'm still pretty new to learning how to mark. So I, whenever I come to the market, I basically mark them out. Do I basically, do you mark them like every single one of them or like, is it like a certain criteria that like, that you leave some out because X? Yeah. So what I will do typically, I'll just try to look for the biggest wick because obviously you can probably mark out this one. I wouldn't mark out this one because this is what created the fair value gap. But I'll just mark out the biggest rejection. And so the way that you do that, if it's a, if the wick to the upside is the one that rejected, you just mark the entire wick. Okay. The entire, the entire top part the entire top wick um and then on the flip side we'll go to the four hour on the opposite end if it's you know the bottom wick that's the top the one that rejected you just mark out the whole thing. Okay. So you just mark out like the biggest wick where it has the fair value gap as held. Exactly. But even beyond that though Nicholas, like if you were to notice this one beforehand, this is also very valid. So like obviously when you mark out this, these candles don't even exist. But you see how it still rejects price even right here just with this one. Yeah. Yeah. All right. And do you do in the four hour and one hour not in the 15 or just the just the hours? My favorite ones are four hour and one hour, but you, you, you definitely can mark the 15. 15 is very valid as well. Yeah. But I would say if you see one on the 15, like for example, right here, Nicholas, we have one pretty obvious rejection wick right there that taps into a gap. We have that on the 15, but what we can also do is go to the higher timeframe and we see like, Okay, this happened because of a higher time frame one. That's not the actual beginning of it. The beginning of it was back here. All right. Yeah. Oh, well, that makes sense. That makes a bunch of sense. Thank you. Um, I think that's mainly all my questions, um, for right now, maybe book one later in the week if I do have any more questions, but, uh, thank you. Yeah. And what are you, uh, what are you risking per day right now? Cause I know you said you, you under risk a little bit. Oh, yeah. Um, like I would go in, like, maybe just, um, like a con. And today I did pretty good. I went in with two, which I risked, I think it was 275 I think I lost on that first trade. And then my, how my risk management is, if I want to reenter a trade, I just did basically divide what I risked divided by two. And then that's my, that's my risk going into the other trade. Right. So I just went in with one con, the second trade. Um, but like, normally I'll be just going for one con and like, I'd get like, I'd get like, sort of scared that like I'm risking like 175. Right. I saw a lot of times. Okay, so your average risk is like 175. What I would do is I would just be super, super strict with yourself on every trade from now on, risk a minimum. So not maximum, minimum of 300 per trade. So anywhere from 300 to 450 risk that per trade. And, uh, just for context, how many fundeds versus evals do you have right now? Is it all evals or do you got some funds? I got one funded and one, uh, one eval, but I'm about to buy another one cause the sale for the receipt's about to end. Okay. What account balance is your funded at right now? my funded is at maybe less 500. Oh bro you're golden dude that's that's really good okay so you're up 500 on the funded as of right now yeah what i would recommend okay on that funded what is your what is your maximum like drawdown are you do you still have the full like 2k available or or what is um i'm like i'm just up i think i could i think it's like maybe a 1200 in the negative i can go in okay so let's let's do this with some math so we'll do 1200 and i want you to have five trades okay so if you risk 240 per trade around like 250 240 um if you risk that per trade you give yourself five trades of breathing room before you blow the account which i don't think you're going to lose five in a row i mean we barely take four in a week right so this should be super super solid for you especially since most of our trade or all of our trades are above a one-to-one um so if you're risking 240 and it plays out obviously you're going to make more than 240 um but minimum on every trade should be 240 i don't want to see you taking trades for like 220 dollars just add another So, 240 is the minimum that you should be risking per trade, and then how many winning days do you need until payout on that funding? I have, consistency right and it's absolutely terrible because um that's like it's a top step on them that was doing nqo with and i lost 400 like whenever we had that stretch of nqo we lost like 400 and then we lost another one so i was but my biggest winning day is like 300 so i need to like get like big wins in a sense to sort of counteract it yeah no that's that's not going to be difficult at all because what I would recommend is that after you're above like 1,000 like profit on the funded then definitely raise your risk a little bit so maybe like 300 per trade 350. All right yeah but you just you you have to get comfortable and you got to tell yourself like going into a trading session like for example low-key i don't think i'm i'm gonna trade tomorrow but i'm gonna be very very cautious like i'm not taking anything unless it's super textbook because it's a no-news friday but um going into the rest of the week next week whenever we actually have red folder news days and stuff you have to tell yourself before the session i am risking this much and I know that and I'm cool with that. Because you have to like kind of like pre-handle your own objections mentally when it comes to trading. So just get yourself in the rhythm of time. Telling yourself all right this is what i'm risking today. I already have that decided. I'm not doing anything less than that. Okay yeah i'll try and do that. That's like paper trading absolutely screwed me. Yeah yeah don't paper trade. Don't paper trade. No like this is like before when i when i first started trading. Yeah. It just absolutely screwed me because i wasn't used to it but now i gotta get used to it. Yeah and as far as your entries have been um how are you feeling about your entries like you you know when to spot a good trade, like what is, be confident in that? Yeah, like I'm really confident saying I, you know, since buying the covenant model. The one thing I'm, trying to work on more um with my backtesting is just discretionary trades like just like not not of a model but just knowing how the markets want to move and just like sort of that's what i'm trying at the most is to gain more experience um but like with the model like I know why I know when I see it it's just a matter of fact if i'm going to press buy if i'm like or sell like if Because sometimes, you know, I get too scared and I just like, say, oh, well. So that's just like a matter of like, that's just my problem. Like I'm good at spotting, not good at that computer. Yeah, I see. So let me see, one second, Nicholas. I gotta do, I gotta fill this out real quick. Talia, or something her name was?
